Dialog #1
Narrator: [Eddard Stark has beheaded Will as a deserter of the Night's Watch]
Eddard Stark: You understand why I did it?
Bran Stark: Jon said he was a deserter.
Eddard Stark: But you understand why I had to kill him.
Bran Stark: Our way is the old way.
Eddard Stark: The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
Bran Stark: Is it true he saw the White Walkers?
Eddard Stark: The White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years.
Bran Stark: So he was lying?
Eddard Stark: A madman sees what he sees.

Dialog #2
Jon Snow: [Stares down at a mangled deer carcass lying across a bridge.] What is it?
Theon Greyjoy: Mountain lion?
Eddard Stark: There are no mountain lions in these woods.
Narrator: [The Starks, the Cassels and Theon walk down a path near the riverbank, where they find the body of a female direwolf with a broken antler lodged in her throat; five direwolf pups are huddled close to her]
Theon Greyjoy: It's a freak!
Eddard Stark: It's a direwolf. Tough old beast.
Robb Stark: There are no direwolves south of the Wall.
Jon Snow: Now there are five. [To Bran] You want to hold it?
Narrator: [Bran takes the pup immediately and wraps it in his cloak.]
Brandon Stark: Where will they go?
Rodrik Cassel: They don't belong down here.
Eddard Stark: Better a quick death. They won't last, without their mother.
Theon Greyjoy: [Draws his dagger, grabs the pup from Bran.] Right, give it here!
Brandon Stark: No!
Robb Stark: Put away your blade!
Theon Greyjoy: I take orders from your father, not you.
Brandon Stark: Please, Father!
Eddard Stark: I'm sorry, Bran.
Jon Snow: Lord Stark? There are five pups, one for each of the Stark children. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. They were meant to have them.
Eddard Stark: You will train them yourselves, you will feed them yourselves, and if they die, you will bury them yourselves.
Narrator: [Bran smiles, Theon hands the pup back to Bran and sheathes his dagger as the party moves back towards the road; Robb and Theon pick up the other four pups.]
Brandon Stark: What about you?
Jon Snow: I'm not a Stark. Get on.
Narrator: [As Jon is heading towards the road, he notices something at the base of a tree and heads towards it.]
Robb Stark: What is it?
Narrator: [Jon straightens up, holding a sixth direwolf pup, an albino.]
Theon Greyjoy: Ah, the runt of the litter! That one's yours, Snow.
Narrator: [Jon glares at him.]

Dialog #3
Eddard Stark: Your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: You got fat. [This comment causes a moment of tension amongst the others. Eddard raises his eyebrows and nods at Robert's massive belly; they both burst out laughing and hug.] Cat! [Hugs and kisses Catelyn.]
Catelyn Stark: Your Grace.
Narrator: [Robert steps back, tousles Rickon's hair and walks back over to Ned.]
Robert Baratheon: Nine years! Why have I not seen you? Where the hell have you been?
Eddard Stark: Guarding the North for you, Your Grace. Winterfell is yours.
Narrator: [Queen Cersei steps out of the carriage after her children, with a distasteful look on her face.]
Arya Stark: [To Sansa] Where's the Imp?
Sansa Stark: Will you shut up?!
Robert Baratheon: [to Robb] And who have we here? You must be Robb. [to Sansa]My, you're a pretty one. [Sansa smiles] [to Arya] And your name is?...
Arya Stark: Arya.
Robert Baratheon: [To Bran] Ohhh, show us your muscles. [Bran does so.] You'll be a soldier!
Narrator: [[Robert chuckles and moves back towards Ned. Behind him, Jaime Lanniser removes his helmet.]
Arya Stark: That's Jaime Lannister, the Queen's twin brother.
Sansa Stark: Would you please shut up! (
Narrator: [Cersei walks up to Ned and offers her hand; after a moment, Eddard kisses it.]
Eddard Stark: My Queen.
Catelyn Stark: My Queen.
Robert Baratheon: Take me to your crypt, I want to pay my respects.
Cersei Lannister: We've been riding for a month, my love. Surely, the dead can wait.
Robert Baratheon: [Ignores Cersei] Ned. [Turns towards the crypts, followed hesitantly by Ned.]
Arya Stark: [To Jon Snow] Where's the Imp? [Cersei overhears her and goes back over to Jaime.]
Cersei Lannister: Where is our brother? Go and find the little beast!

Dialog #4
Jon Snow: You're Tyrion Lannister? The Queen's brother?
Tyrion Lannister: My greatest accomplishment. And you, you're Ned Stark's bastard, aren't you?
Narrator: [Jon walks away]
Tyrion Lannister: Did I offend you? Sorry. You are the bastard, though.
Jon Snow: Lord Eddard Stark is my father.
Tyrion Lannister: And Lady Stark is not your mother, making you … the bastard. Let me give you some advice, bastard: never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you.
Jon Snow: What the hell do you know about being a bastard?
Tyrion Lannister: All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes.

Dialog #5
Narrator: [Bran has just caught Queen Cersei having sex with her brother]
Cersei Lannister: He saw us!
Jaime Lannister: [to Bran] It's all right, it's all right, it's all right.
Cersei Lannister: He saw us!
Jaime Lannister: [to Cersei] I heard you the first time. [to Bran] Quite the little climber, aren't you? How old are you, boy?
Bran Stark: Ten.
Jaime Lannister: Ten? [pause] The things I do for love. [pushes Bran out of the window]

Dialog #6
Tyrion Lannister:(to a servant girl) Bread, and two of those little fish. And a mug of dark beer to wash it down and bacon, burned black. (grunts theatrically as he shifts his nephew Tommen over on the bench; Tommen giggles)
Jaime Lannister: (smiles) Little brother.
Tyrion Lannister: Beloved siblings! (grins at both of them; Cersei gives him a VERY wan smile)
Myrcella Baratheon: Is Bran going to die?
Tyrion Lannister: Apparently not. (Myrcella smiles, Cersei suddenly looks shocked and worried)
Cersei: What do you mean?
Tyrion Lannister: The Maester says the boy may live. (Cersei and Jaime both look at each other; Tyrion watches their reactions)
Cersei Lannister: It's no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain.
Tyrion Lannister: Only the Gods know for certain. All the rest of us can do is pray. (pause) The charms of the North seem entirely lost on you.
Cersei Lannister: I still can't believe you're going. It's ridiculous, even for you.
Tyrion Lannister: Where's your sense of wonder?! The greatest structure ever built- the intrepid men of the Night's Watch- the wintery abode of the White Walkers! (pretends to scare Tommen, who laughs)
Jaime Lannister: Tell me you're not thinking of taking the Black.
Tyrion Lannister: (scoffs) And go celibate? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock! (Jaime grins) No- I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world! (Tommen giggles again, Myrcella smiles)
Cersei Lannister: The children don't need to hear your filth. (Tyrion smiles at her impudently) Come. (she leads Myrcella and Tommen out of the room)
Jaime Lannister: Even if the boy lives, he'll be a cripple- a grotesque. Give me a good, clean death any day.
Tyrion Lannister: Speaking for the grotesques, I'd have to disagree. Death is so final, whereas life, ahh- Life is full of possibilities. I hope the boy does wake- I'd be interested to hear what he has to say. (Jaime glances at him)
Jaime Lannister: (half-teasing, half-serious) My dear brother, at times you make me wonder whose side you're on.
Tyrion Lannister: (deadpan) My dear brother, you wound me- you know how much I love my family.

Dialog #7
Joffrey Baratheon: We ride for King's Landing today.
Tyrion Lannister: Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies.
Joffrey Baratheon: What good will my sympathies do them?
Tyrion Lannister: None, but it is expected of you. Your absence has already been noted.
Joffrey Baratheon: The boy means nothing to me, and I can't stand the wailing of women.
Tyrion Lannister: [slaps Joffrey] One word and I hit you again.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm telling mother!
Tyrion Lannister: [slaps Joffrey] Go, tell her! But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark. And you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service and that all your prayers are with them. Do you understand?
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't –
Tyrion Lannister: [slaps Joffrey] Do you understand?
Narrator: [Joffery scurries away]
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: The Prince will remember that, little Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: I hope so. If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him.

Dialog #8
Jon Snow: All the best swords have names, you know. (Arya jumps up and hugs him)
Arya Stark: Sansa can keep her sewing needles. I've got a Needle of my own.

Dialog #9
Narrator: [On the Kingsroad, Robert has set up a small table where Ned is seated.]
Robert Baratheon: [returning to the table] Gods, this is country! I've half a mind to leave them all behind and keep moving.
Eddard Stark: I've half a mind to go with you.
Robert Baratheon: What do you say, just you and me on the Kingsroad, swords at our sides, a couple of tavern wenches to warm our beds tonight?
Eddard Stark: If you'd asked me twenty years ago.
Robert Baratheon: There were wars to fight, women to marry...we never had the chance to be young.
Eddard Stark: [scratches his chin] I recall a few chances.
Robert Baratheon: [bursts out laughing] There was that one...oh, what was her name? That common girl of yours? Becca, with the great big tits you could bury your face in?
Eddard Stark: Bessie. She was one of yours.
Robert Baratheon: Bessie! Thank the gods for Bessie and her tits! [both men chuckle] Yours was, uh...Aleena? No, you told me once. Uh...Meryl? Your bastard's mother.
Eddard Stark: [smile fades] Wylla.
Robert Baratheon: That's it. She must have been a rare wench to make Lord Eddard Stark forget his honor. You never told me what she looked like.
Eddard Stark: [looks away ruefully] Nor will I.
Robert Baratheon: [sympathetic] We were at war. None of us knew if we were gonna go back home again. You're too hard on yourself. You always have been. I swear, if I weren't your king, you'd have hit me already.
Eddard Stark: The worst thing about your coronation- I'll never get to hit you again.
Robert Baratheon: Trust me, that's not the worst thing. [pulls out a folded slip of paper from his coat] There was a rider in the night.
Eddard Stark: [opens the note and reads it] Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord. What of it? Should we send her a wedding gift?
Robert Baratheon: A knife, perhaps. A good, sharp one, and a bold man to wield it.
Eddard Stark: She's little more than a child.
Robert Baratheon: Soon enough, that child will spread her legs and start breeding.
Eddard Stark: Tell me we're not speaking of this.
Robert Baratheon: [angry] Oh, it's unspeakable to you? What her father did to your family, that was unspeakable! What Rhaegar Targaryen did to your sister, the woman I loved! I'll kill every Targaryen I get my hands on!
Eddard Stark: But you can't get your hands on this one, can you?
Robert Baratheon: This Khal Drogo - it's said he has a hundred thousand men in his horde.
Eddard Stark: Even a million Dothraki are no threat to the realm, as long as they remain on the other side of the Narrow Sea. They have no ships, Robert!
Robert Baratheon: There are still those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me 'Usurper'. If a Targaryen boy crosses with a Dothraki horde at his back, the scum will join him!
Eddard Stark: He will not cross! And if by chance he does, we'll throw him back into the sea! [pause]
Robert Baratheon: [ominously] There's a war coming, Ned. I don't know when, I don't know who we'll be fighting...but it's coming.

Dialog #10
Narrator: [Tyrion and Jon Snow watch as several captured criminals are brought in by the band of Watchmen and fed]
Tyrion Lannister: Ah, rapers. They were given a choice, no doubt: castration, or the Wall. Most choose the knife. (Smiles when Jon looks away from them) Not impressed with your new brothers? (Jon looks at him, then at the fire) Lovely thing about the Watch. You discard your old family and get a whole new one. (goes back to the book he was reading)
Jon Snow:...Why d'you read so much?
Tyrion Lannister:(doesn't look up) Look at me and tell me what you see.
Jon Snow: ...Is this a trick?
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) What you see is a dwarf. (looks up at Jon) If I had been born a peasant, they might've left me out in the woods to die. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock. Things are expected of me. My father was the Hand of the King for twenty years-
Jon Snow: Until your brother killed that King.
Tyrion Lannister: (long pause, smiles thinly) Yes. Until my brother killed him. (pause) Life is full of these little ironies. My sister married the new King, and my repulsive nephew will be King after him. I must do my part, for the honor of my House- wouldn't you agree? (Jon stares at him) But how? Well- my brother has his sword, and I have my mind- and a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much, Jon Snow. (looks back at his book) And you? What's your story, bastard?
Jon Snow: Ask me nicely, and maybe I'll tell you, dwarf.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles, looks up at Jon again) A bastard boy with nothing to inherit, off to join the ancient Order of the Night's Watch (glances at the captured rapers) Alongside his valiant brothers-in-arms.
Jon Snow: (offended) The Night's Watch protects the Realm from-
Tyrion Lannister: Ah, yes, yes (chuckles) against grumpkins and snarks, and all the other monsters your wet-nurse warned you about! You're a smart boy, you don't believe all that nonsense.

Dialog #11
Viserys Targaryen: (rides up to a startled Daenerys, brandishing his scimitar) YOU DARE?! You give commands to me!? to me?! (jumps off his horse and storms up to Dany, grabbing her chin roughly) You do not command the Dragon! I'm Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. I don't take orders from savages, or their sluts. (holds his sword near her throat) Do you hear me?! (Rakharo lashes a whip around Viserys' neck and jerks him backwards to the ground, choking. Rakharro asks Daenerys a question in Dothraki)
Irri: Rakharro asks if you want him dead, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No!(Rakharro says something else in Dothraki, smirking at Viserys, who is choking and clawing to get the noose off his neck)
Irri: (gives Viserys a look of disgust) Rakharro says you should take ear, to teach respect.
Daenerys Targaryen: Please! Please, don't hurt him.(glances at Ser Jorah, who gives her a meaningful look) Tell him I don't want my brother harmed. (Irri translates to Rakharro, shrugging when he looks surprised; he removes the whip from Viserys' neck)
Viserys Targaryen: (literally sputtering with rage) Mormont! Kill these Dothraki dogs! (Jorah looks at Rakharro, and they smile approvingly at each other; Viserys scrambles to his feet) I AM YOUR KING!
Jorah Mormont: Shall we return to the khalasar, Khaleesi? (Dany pauses, then allows Irri to help her onto her horse; they and Ser Jorah ride away. Viserys tries to mount his horse but is stopped by Rakharro, who is holding the reins)
Rakharro:(shakes his head) Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.(gestures mockingly) You...walk.

Dialog #12
Grenn: You broke my nose, bastard! (Jon pauses, puts away his training sword and turns to face them)
Jon Snow: (scornfully)...It's an improvement. (They grab him and pin him to the wall)
Grenn: (holding a blade to Jon's throat) If I throw you over the Wall, I wonder how long it'd take you to hit!
"Pyp" Pypar: I wonder if they'd find you before the wolves did. (Suddenly, the door behind them opens to reveal Tyrion)
Grenn: What're you lookin at, Halfman?
Tyrion Lannister:... I'm looking at you. Yes- you've got an interesting face. (Pyp, Rast and Grenn stare at him in confusion) Mm- very distinctive faces, all of you!
Rast: An' what d'you care about our faces?
Tyrion Lannister: (leans against the door casually) It's just, I think they would look marvelous decorating spikes at King's Landing. Perhaps I'll write to my sister, the Queen, about it. (after a tense pause, Jon's attackers release him and Rast leaves)
Grenn: (quietly, to Jon) We'll talk later, Lord Snow. (he moves away with Pyp, Tyrion approaches Jon)
Jon Snow: Everybody knew what this place was- and no one told me. No one but you. My father knew- and he left me to rot at the Wall, all the same.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods in the direction of Grenn and Pyp) Grenn's father left him, too- outside a farmhouse when he was three. (Jon meets Grenn and Pyp's gazes briefly) Pyp was caught stealing a wheel of cheese- his little sister hadn't eaten in three days. He was given a choice: his right hand, or the Wall. I've been asking the Lord Commander about them- fascinating stories.
Jon Snow: (angrily) They hate me because I'm better than they are!
Tyrion Lannister: (sharply) It's a lucky thing none of them are trained by a master-at-arms like your Ser Roderick! I don't imagine any of them have even held a real sword, before they came here. (starts to leave, then turns back and hands Jon a small scroll) Oh- your brother, Bran, has woken up.

Dialog #13
Jaime Lannister: (to Eddard, as he enters the Throne Room) Thank the Gods you're here, Stark- about time we had some stern, Northern leadership.
Eddard Stark: (curtly, as Jaime stands and approaches him) Glad to see you're protecting the Throne.
Jaime Lannister: (shrugs, glances over his shoulder at the Iron Throne) Sturdy old thing. How many Kings' asses have polished it, I wonder? (gestures mockingly at Ned) Um, what's the line? The King shits and the Hand wipes.
Eddard Stark': Very handsome armor. Not a scratch on it.
Jaime Lannister: I know. People have been swinging at me for years, but they always seem to miss.
Eddard Stark: You've chosen your opponents wisely then.
Jaime Lannister: (nods slowly)... I have a knack for it. (pause) It must be strange for you, coming into this room. I was standing right here when it happened. He was very brave, your brother. Your father too. They didn't deserve to die like that; nobody deserves to die like that.
Eddard Stark: But you just stood there and watched.
Jaime Lannister: Five hundred men just stood there and watched. All the great knights of the Seven Kingdoms, you think anyone said a word, lifted a finger? No, Lord Stark. Five hundred men and this room was silent as a crypt...except for the screams, of course, and the Mad King laughing. And later, when I watched the Mad King die, I remembered him laughing, as your father burned...it felt like justice.
Eddark Stark: [disdainful] ...Is that what you tell yourself at night? You're a servant of justice? That you were avenging my father when you shoved your sword in Aerys Targaryen's back?
Jaime Lannister: (irritated) Tell me, if I'd stabbed the Mad King in the belly instead of the back, would you admire me more?
Eddark Stark: You served him well. When serving was safe.

Dialog #14
Varys: Lord Stark! (comes up to Ned and clasps his hand)
Eddard Stark: Lord Varys.
Varys: I was grievously sorry to hear of your troubles on the Kingsroad- we were all praying for Prince Joffrey's full recovery.
Eddard Stark: It's a shame you didn't say a prayer for the butcher's son. (Varys' smile slips a notch, Ned walks around him and hugs Renly) Renly! You're looking well.
Renly Baratheon: And you look tired from the road! I told them this meeting could wait another day, but-
Petyr"Littlefinger" Baelish": But we have a kingdom to look after. (he and Ned size one another up) I've wanted to meet you for some time, Lord Stark- no doubt Lady Catelyn has mentioned me?
Eddard Stark: She has, Lord Baelish- I understand you knew my brother Brandon, as well?
Petyr Baelish: (smiles thinly) All too well- I still carry a token of his esteem. (gestures at his torso) From navel to collarbone.
Eddard Stark: (smirks) Perhaps you chose the wrong man to duel with-
Petyr Baelish: But it wasn't the man I chose, my Lord, it was Catelyn Tully (Ned's smile vanishes) A woman worth fighting for, I'm sure you'd agree?
Grand Maester Pycelle: I...humbly beg your pardon, my Lord Stark-
Eddard Stark: (smiles) Grandmaester.
Grand Maester Pycelle: (nods) How many years has it been? You were a young man!
Eddard Stark: And you served another King. (awkward pause)
Grand Maester Pycelle: Oh! How forgetful of me. (reaches into the pocket of his robe and pulls out the badge of the Hand, gives it to Eddard) This belongs to you now! Should we begin?
Eddard Stark: (looks around them in surprise as they all sit down) Without the King?
Renly Baratheon: Winter may be coming, but I'm afraid the same cannot be said of my brother.
Varys: His Grace has many cares- he entrusts some small matters to us, that we might lighten the load.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) We are the Lords of small matters, here.
Renly Baratheon: (passes a scroll to Ned) My brother instructs us to stage a tournament, in honor of Lord Stark's appointment as Hand of the King.
Petyr Baelish: How much?
Eddard Stark: (reading the scroll) Forty thousand gold dragons to the champion, twenty thousand for the runner-up, twenty thousand for the winning archer.
Grand Maester Pycelle: (frowns) Can the treasury bear such expense?
Petyr Baelish: I'll have to borrow- but the Lannisters will accommodate, I expect. We already owe Lord Tywin three million gold. What's another 80,000?
Eddard Stark: (shocked) Are you telling me the crown is three million in debt?
Petyr Baelish: I'm telling you the crown is six million in debt.
Eddard Stark: How could you let this happen?!
Petyr Baelish: The Master of Coin finds the money, the King and the Hand spend it.
Eddard Stark: I will not believe Jon Arryn allowed Robert to bankrupt the Realm.
Grand Master Pycelle: Lord Arryn gave wise and prudent advice. But I fear His Grace doesn't always listen.
Renly Baratheon: Counting coppers, he calls it.
Eddard Stark: I'll speak to him tomorrow. This tournament is an extravagance we cannot afford!
Petyr Baelish: As you will; but still, we'd best make our plans-
Eddard Stark: There will be no plans until I speak to Robert! (awkward pause, Ned puts his head in his hands) Forgive me, my Lords, I'm- I had a long ride.
Varys: (patiently) You are the King's Hand, Lord Stark- we serve at your pleasure.

Dialog #15
Maester Aemon: How many winters have you seen, Lord Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Eight, no, nine.
Maester Aemon: All of them brief?
Tyrion Lannister: They say the winter of my birth was three years long, Maester Aemon.
Maester Aemon: This summer has lasted nine, but already reports from the Citadel tell us the days grow shorter. The Starks are always right eventually - winter is coming. This one will be long, and dark things will come with it.
Commander Mormont: We've been capturing wildlings, more every month. They're fleeing south; the ones who flee say they've seen the White Walkers.
Tyrion Lannister: [dismissive] Yes and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids.
Commander Mormont: One of our own rangers swore he saw them kill his companions. He swore it...right up to the moment Ned Stark chopped his head off!
Maester Aemon: The Night's Watch is the only thing standing between the realm and what lies beyond, and it has become an army of undisciplined boys and tired old men. There are less than a thousand of us now; we can't man the other castles on the Wall. We can't properly patrol the wilderness. We've barely enough resources to keep our own lads armed and fed.
Commander Mormont: Your sister sits by the side of the King. Tell her we need help.
Maester Aemon: And when winter does come...gods help us all if we're not ready!

Dialog #16
Tyrion Lannister: I must say, I received a slightly warmer welcome on my last visit.
Robb Stark: Any man of the Night's Watch is welcome at Winterfell- (Yoren nods)
Tyrion Lannister: Any man of the Night's Watch but not I, eh, boy?
Robb Stark: (coldly) I'm not your boy, Lannister- I'm Lord of Winterfell, while my father is away.
Tyrion Lannister: (curtly) Then you might learn a Lord's courtesy. (the door behind them opens, and Hodor carries Bran into the room) So it's true...Hello, Bran. Do you remember anything about what happened?
Maester Luwin: He has no memory of that day.
Tyrion Lannister: Curious...
Robb Stark: Why are you here?
Tyrion Lannister: (to Bran)...Would your charming companion be so good as to kneel? My neck is beginning to hurt.
Brandon Stark: Kneel, Hodor. (Hodor kneels until Bran and Tyrion are at eye level)
Tyrion Lannister: Do you like to ride, Bran?
Brandon Stark: Yes. Well, I mean, I did like to.
Maester Luwin: The boy has lost the use of his legs.
Tyrion Lannister: What of it? With the right horse and saddle, even a cripple can ride.
Bran Stark: I'm not a cripple.
Tyrion Lannister: Then I'm not a dwarf! My father will rejoice to hear it. I have a gift for you. (hands Bran a scroll) Give that to your saddler- he'll provide the rest. (Bran unrolls the scroll, Tyrion turns to Robb and Maester Luwin) You must shape the horse to the rider- start with a yearling, and teach it to respond to the reins, and to the boy's voice.
Brandon Stark: ...Will I really be able to ride?
Tyrion Lannister: You will. On horseback, you'll be as tall as any of them. (Bran smiles)
Robb Stark: Is this some kind of trick? Why do you want to help him?
Tyrion Lannister: I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things. (He and Bran smile slightly at each other)
Robb Stark: You've done my brother a kindness. The hospitality of Winterfell is yours-
Tyrion Lannister: Spare me your false courtesies, Lord Stark. There's a brothel outside your walls; there, I'll find a bed- and both of us can sleep easier.

Dialog #17
Theon Greyjoy: (notices Tyrion preparing to ride to the brothel and smirks) Couldn't resist some Northern ass? (Tyrion looks at him) If you like redheads, ask for Ros. (Doesn't realize Tyrion slept with her on his previous visit)
Tyrion Lannister: Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you. Your master doesn't seem to like Lannisters.
Theon Greyjoy: (irritated) He's not my master.
Tyrion Lannister: No- of course not. What happened here? Where is Lady Stark- why didn't she receive me?
Theon Greyjoy: She...wasn't feeling well.
Tyrion Lannister: She's not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?
Theon Greyjoy: Milady's whereabouts are-
Tyrion Lannister: Milady? (chuckles) Your loyalty to your captors is touching.(Theon looks away angrily) Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see that his only surviving son has turned lackey? (pause) I still remember watching my father's fleet burning in Lannisport. I believe your uncles were responsible.
Theon Greyjoy: (smirks) Must've been a pretty sight.
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive. Yes- great victory for your people. Shame how it all turned out.
Theon Greyjoy: We were outnumbered ten to one-
Tyrion Lannister: A stupid rebellion, then. I suppose your father realized that when your brothers died in battle. (Theon looks furious, but has no response) And now, here you are- your enemy's squire (smirks)
Theon Greyjoy: Careful, Imp-
Tyrion Lannister: I've offended you? (rolls his eyes) Forgive me- it's been a rough morning. Anyway, don't despair- I'm a constant disappointment to my own father, and I have learned to live with it. (tosses Theon a gold coin) Your next tumble with Ros is on me- I'll try not to wear her out.

Dialog #18
Alliser Thorne: (mockingly to Sam and Jon) You look cold, both of you.
Samwell Tarly: It is a bit nippy-
Alliser Thorne: "A bit nippy?" Yeah, by the fire, indoors. It's still summer- do you boys even remember the last winter? (pause) How long has it been now- what, ten years?
Jon Snow:...I remember.
Alliser Thorne: (mockingly) Was it uncomfortable at Winterfell? Were there days when you just couldn't get warm, no matter how many fires your servants built?
Jon Snow: (angrily) I build my own fires-
Alliser Thorne: (sneering) That's admirable. (pause) I spent six months out there, beyond the Wall, during the last winter (Sam stares at him, Thorne smiles grimly) Supposed to be a two-week mission- we heard a rumor Mance Rayder was planning to attack Eastwatch, so we went out to look for some of his men. Capture them, gather some knowledge. The Wildlings who fight for Mance Rayder are hard men- harder than you'll ever be. They know their country better than we do- they knew there was a storm coming in. So, they hid in their caves and waited for it to pass- and we got caught in the open. (grimly) Winds so strong, they'd yank hundred-foot trees straight from the ground, roots and all. If you took your gloves off to find your cock to have a piss, you lost a finger to the frost. And- all in darkness. (pause, scornfully) You don't know cold. Neither of you do. (pause) The horses died first. Didn't have enough to feed them, keep them warm. Eatin' the horses was easy... but later, when- when we started to fall... (shakes his head) That wasn't easy. We should've had a couple of boys like you along, shouldn't we? (walks around them, comes menacingly close to Sam) Soft, fat boys like you. We'd have lasted a fortnight on you, and still had bones left over for soup. (Sam starts hyperventilating in fear, Jon glares at Thorne) Soon, we'll have new recruits. (walks back around them) And you lot will be passed along to the Lord Commander for assignment. And, they will call you "Men of the Night's Watch"- but you'd be fools to believe it. You're boys, still- and come the winter, you'll die... like flies.

Dialog #19
Jon Snow: You can't fight. You can't see. You're afraid of heights and almost everything else, probably. What are you doing here, Sam?
Samwell Tarly: On the morning of my eighteenth nameday, my father came to me. You're almost a man now, he said, but you're not worthy of my land and title. Tomorrow you're going to take the black, forsake all claims to your inheritance and start north. If you do not, he said, then we will have a hunt, and somewhere in these woods, your horse will stumble and you'll be thrown from your saddle to die. Or so I will tell your mother. Nothing would please me more.

Dialog #20
Ned Stark: Lord Baelish, perhaps I was wrong to distrust you.
Petyr Baelish: Distrusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you climbed off your horse.

Dialog #21
Lancel Lannister: (trying in vain to fit Robert into his armor, as Ned enters the tent) It's made too small, Your Grace- it won't go.
Robert Baratheon: (irritably) Your mother was a dumb whore with a fat arse! Did you know that? (Lancel dithers, then pulls off the breastplate as Robert turns to Ned) Look at this idiot- one ball, and no brains! He can't even put a man's armor on him properly!
Eddard Stark: (nods to Robert's massive belly) You're too fat for your armor.
Robert Baratheon: (scowls, in a mock-severe voice) Fat? Fat, is it?! Is that how you speak to your King?! (Eddard raises his eyebrows humorously. After a moment, Robert explodes into laughter, which Eddard joins; Lancel smiles, which Robert notices) That was funny, was it?
Lancel Lannister: No, Your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: No? You don't like the Hand's joke?! (Lancel opens his mouth, terrified)
Eddard Stark: (smiles) You're torturin' the poor boy.
Robert Baratheon: (to Lancel) You heard the Hand: the King's too fat for his armor! Go get the breastplate-stretcher, now! (Lancel hurries out, Robert bursts out laughing again)
Eddard Stark: (chuckes) "The breastplate-stretcher?"
Robert Baratheon:(grins, picks up a cup of wine) How long before he figures it out?
Eddard Stark: Maybe you should have one invented.
Robert Baratheon: (wags a finger at him) All right, all right- you watch me out there. I still know how to point a lance. (drinks)
Eddard Stark: (seriously) You've no business jousting. Leave that for the young men-
Robert Baratheon: Why, because I'm King? Piss on that! I wanna hit somebody!
Eddard Stark: And who's gonna hit back?
Robert Baratheon: Anybody who can! And the last man in his saddle-
Eddard Stark: Will be you. There's not a man in the Seven Kingdoms who'd risk hurting you.
Robert Baratheon: (scoffs) You tellin' me those cowards'd let me win?
Eddard Stark: Aye. (defeated, Robert refills his cup and fills a second one)
Robert Baratheon: (holds the cup out to Ned) Drink.
Eddard Stark: No, I'm not thirsty-
Robert Baratheon: Drink. (gives him a humorous smile) Your King commands it. (Ned takes the glass and drinks as Robert sits down) Gods- too fat for my armor.
Eddard Stark: (glances at the entrance of the tent) Your squire- a Lannister boy?
Robert Baratheon: (nods) Mmm- bloody idiot. But Cersei insisted. (Eddard looks away thoughtfully) I have Jon Arynn to thank for her. "Cersei Lannister will make a good match", he told me- "You'll need her father on your side". (sighs) I thought being King meant I could do whatever I wanted. (pause, Eddard stares at him, then Robert stands up) Enough of this. Let's go watch 'em ride- at least I can smell someone else's blood. (moves past Eddard)
Eddard Stark: Robert?
Robert Baratheon: What? (Eddard nods to his open shirt- revealing his enormous belly- and Robert looks down at himself) Oh.(he bursts into laughter again) An inspiring sight for the people, eh? Come, bow before your King! Bow, you shits!

Dialog #22
Varys: (enters the throne room to find Littlefinger staring at the Iron Throne) The first to arrive, and the last to leave... I admire your industry.
Petyr Baelish: (turns around) You do move quietly.
Varys: We all have our qualities. (stops before Littlefinger)
Petyr Baelish: You look a bit lonely today.(smirks) You should pay a visit to my brothel this evening- best boys, on the house!
Varys: (smiles) I think you are mistaking business with pleasure.
Petyr Baelish: Am I? (steps closer) All those birds that whisper in your ear, such pretty little things- (puts his hand on Vary's shoulder) Trust me, we accommodate all inclinations.
Varys: (gives him a distasteful look) Oh, I'm sure- Lord Redwyne likes his boys very young, I hear.
Petyr Baelish: I'm a purveyor of beauty and discretion- both equally important-
Varys: Though, I suppose, beauty is a subjective quality, no? Is it true that Ser Marlyn of Tumblestone prefers amputees?
Petyr Baelish: (impatiently) All desires are valid, to a man with a full purse-
Varys: And, I hear the most awful rumors about a certain lord with a taste for fresh cadavers. Must be enormously difficult to accommodate that inclination. The logistics alone- to find beautiful corpses before they rot.
Petyr Baelish: (hastily) Strictly speaking, such a thing would not be in accordance with the King's laws-
Varys: (sharply) Strictly speaking. (walks around Baelish, who turns after him)
Petyr Baelish: Tell me- does someone, somewhere, keep your balls in a little box? (Varys turns around, looking bored) I've often wondered.
Varys:...D'you know, I've no idea where they are- and we had been so close. (he and Littlefinger chuckle, Varys walks towards him again) But, enough about me- how have you been since we last saw each other?
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) Since you last saw me, or since I last saw you?
Varys: The last time I saw you, you were talking with the Hand of the King.
Petyr Baelish: You saw me with your own eyes-
Varys: Eyes I own.
Petyr Baelish: Council business. We all have so much to discuss with Ned Stark.
Varys: Everyone's well aware of your enduring... fondness for Ned Stark's wife. (pause, Baelish looks uncomfortable) If the Lannisters were behind the attempt on the Stark boy's life, and it was discovered that you helped the Starks come to that conclusion... (gives Baelish a wry look) To think- one simple word to the Queen-
Petyr Baelish: One shudders at the thought. (he and Varys both nod knowingly) But, you know something? I do believe I have seen you even more recently than you have seen me.
Varys: Have you?
Petyr Baelish: Yes. Earlier today, I distinctly recall seeing you talking to Lord Stark in his chambers.
Varys: (smirks) Was that you, under the bed?-
Petyr Baelish: (sharply) And, not long after that, when I saw you escorting a certain... foreign... dignitary? (Vary's smile vanishes) Council business? (pause) Of course, you would have friends from across the Narrow Sea- you're from there yourself, after all. And we're friends, aren't we, Lord Varys? (pause) I'd like to think we are. So, you can imagine my burden, wondering if the King might question my friend's sympathies- to stand at a crossroads where turning left means loyalty to a friend, turning right loyalty to the realm.
Varys: (scoffs) Oh, please-
Petyr Baelish: To find myself in a position where a word to the King-
Renly Baratheon: (enters) What are you two conspiring about? Well, whatever it is, you'd best hurry it up- my brother is coming.
Petyr Baelish: (surprised) To a Small Council meeting?
Varys: Disturbing news, from far away. (follows Renly out, glances mockingly back at Baelish) Hadn't you heard?

Dialog #23
Narrator: [The Small Council meet after learning of Daenerys' pregnancy]
Robert Baratheon: [angrily] The whore is pregnant!
Eddard Stark: You're speaking of murdering a child.
Robert Baratheon: I warned you this would happen. Back in the North, I warned you, but you didn't care to hear. Well, hear it now! I want 'em dead. Mother and child both. And that fool Viserys as well, is that plain enough for you? I want them both dead!
Eddard Stark: You will dishonor yourself forever if you do this.
Robert Baratheon: Honor?! I've got Seven Kingdoms to rule! One King, Seven Kingdoms! Do you think honor keeps them in line?! Do you think it's honor that's keeping the peace?! It's fear! Fear and blood!
Eddard Stark: Then we're no better than the Mad King!
Robert Baratheon: Careful, Ned! Careful now!
Eddard Stark: You want to assassinate a girl? Because the Spider heard a rumor?
Varys: No rumor, My Lord. The princess is with child.
Eddard Stark: Based on whose information?
Varys: Ser Jorah Mormont. He is serving as adviser to the Targaryens.
Eddard Stark: Mormont? You bring us the whispers of a traitor half a world away and call it fact?
Petyr Baelish: Jorah Mormont's a slaver, not a traitor. Small difference, I know, to an honorable man.
Eddard Stark: He broke the law. Betrayed his family, fled our land. We commit murder on the word of this man?
Robert Baratheon: And if he's right?! If she has a son?! A Targaryen at the head of a Dothraki army! What then?!
Eddard Stark: The Narrow Sea still lies between us. I'll fear the Dothraki the day they teach their horses to run on water.
Robert Baratheon: Do nothing?! That's your wise advice?! Do nothing till our enemies are on our shores?! [to the others] You're my Council, counsel! Speak sense to this "honorable" fool!
Varys: I understand your misgivings, my lord. Truly, I do. It is a terrible thing we must consider, a vile thing. Yet we who presume to rule must sometimes do vile things for the good of the realm. Should the gods grant Daenerys a son, the realm will bleed.
Pycelle: I bear this girl no ill will, but should the Dothraki invade, how many innocents will die? How many towns will burn? Is it not wiser – kinder, even – that she should die now, so that tens of thousands might live?
Renly Baratheon: We should have had them both killed years ago!
Petyr Baelish: When you find yourselves in bed with an ugly woman, best close your eyes and get it over with. [the others cringe at this crude picture] Cut her throat and be done with it!
Eddard Stark: [walks straight up to Robert] I followed you into war. Twice. Without doubts, without second thoughts. But I will not follow you now. The Robert I grew up with didn't tremble at the shadow of an unborn child.
Robert Baratheon: She dies.
Eddard Stark: I will have no part in it.
Robert Baratheon: You're the King's Hand, Lord Stark. You'll do as I command, or I'll find me a Hand who will!
Narrator: [Eddard takes off his badge of office and tosses it onto the table in front of Robert]
Eddard Stark: And good luck to him. I thought you were a better man.
Robert Baratheon: [growling] Out! Out, damn you! I'm done with you! [as Eddard leaves] GO, RUN BACK TO WINTERFELL! I'LL HAVE YOUR HEAD ON A SPIKE! I'LL PUT IT THERE MYSELF, YOU FOOL! YOU THINK YOU'RE TOO GOOD FOR THIS, TOO PROUD AND HONORABLE?! THIS IS A WAR!

Dialog #24
Cersei Lannister: (enters Robert's room to find him drinking) I'm sorry your marriage to Eddard Stark didn't work out- you two seemed so good together.
Robert Baratheon: (sarcastically) Glad I could do something to make you happy.
Cersei Lannister: (walks over and stands across the table from him) Without a Hand, everything will fall to pieces.
Robert Baratheon: (glares at her) I suppose this is where you tell me to give the job to your brother Jaime. (drinks)
Cersei Lannister: (shakes her head) No- he's not serious enough. I'll say this for Ned Stark: he's serious enough. (Robert grunts in agreement). Was it really worth it? Losing him this way?
Robert Baratheon: I don't know. (stands and glances out the window) But I do know this: If the Targaryen girl convinces her horselord husband to invade, and the Dothraki horde crosses the Narrow Sea... we won't be able to stop them.
Cersei Lannister: The Dothraki don't sail- every child knows that. They don't have discipline, they don't have armor. They don't have siege weapons.
Robert Baratheon: (sighs, turns away) It's a neat little trick you do: You move your lips, and your father's voice comes out.
Cersei Lannister: Is my father wrong?
Robert Baratheon: (increasingly irritated) Let's say Viserys Targaryen lands with 40,000 Dothraki screamers at his back. We hole up in our castles-- a wise move-- only a fool would meet the Dothraki in an open field. They leave us in our castles. They go from town to town, looting and burning, killing every man who can't hide behind a stone wall, stealing all our crops and livestock, enslaving all our women and children. How long do the people of the Seven Kingdoms stand behind their absentee King, their cowardly King hiding behind high walls? When do the people decide that Viserys Targaryen is the rightful monarch after all?!
Cersei Lannister: We still outnumber them.
Robert Baratheon: Which is the bigger number: Five or one?
Cersei Lannister: Five.
Robert Baratheon: [holding up his fingers] Five. [holding up a fist] One. One army-- a real army united behind one leader, with one purpose. Our purpose died with the Mad King. Now we've got as many armies as there are men with gold in their purse. And everybody wants something different. Your father wants to own the world. Ned Stark wants to run away and bury his head in the snow-
Cersei Lannister: (impatiently) What do you want? (Robert pauses, then grins and raises his wine cup in a toast as he sits down)
Robert Baratheon: We haven't had a real fight in nine years. Backstabbing doesn't prepare you for a fight, and that's all the realm is now: backstabbing and scheming and arse-licking and money-grubbing. Sometimes I don't know what holds it together.
Cersei Lannister: Our marriage. [both burst out laughing, they raise their cups in a toast]
Robert Baratheon: So, here we sit, 17 years later, holding it all together. (looks at her forlornly) Don't you get tired?
Cersei Lannister: Every day.
Robert Baratheon: How long can hate hold a thing together?
Cersei Lannister: Well, 17 years is... quite a long time.
Robert Baratheon: [raises glass] Yes, it is.
Cersei Lannister: [raises glass] Yes, it is. [drinks] What was she like?
Robert Baratheon: [shocked] You've never asked about her, not once. Why now?
Cersei Lannister: At first, just saying her name, even in private, felt like I was breathing life back into her. I thought if I didn't talk about her, she'd just fade away for you. When I realised that wasn't going to happen, I refused to ask out of spite; I didn't want to give you the satisfaction of thinking I cared to ask. And eventually it became clear that my spite didn't mean anything to you; as far as I could tell, you actually enjoyed it!
Robert Baratheon: So why now?
Cersei Lannister: What harm could Lyanna Stark's ghost do to either of us that we haven't done to each other a hundred times over?
Robert Baratheon: [sadly] You want to know the horrible truth? I can't even remember what she looked like. I only know she was the one thing I ever wanted. Someone took her away from me, and seven kingdoms couldn't fill the hole she left behind.
Cersei Lannister:... I felt something for you once, you know.
Robert Baratheon: (softly) I know.
Cersei Lannister: Even after we lost our first boy... for quite a while, actually. (Robert looks away, ashamed) Was it ever possible for us? Was there ever a time, ever a moment?
Robert Baratheon: (look back at her) ...No. (Cersei stares at him for a moment, then takes a drink) Does that make you feel better, or worse?
Cersei Lannister: ... It doesn't make me feel anything. (leaves)

Dialog #25
Lysa Arryn: [to her son, Robin] He killed your father, he murdered the Hand of the King!
Tyrion Lannister: [sarcastically] Oh, did I kill him too? I've been a very busy man.

Dialog #26
Eddard Stark:... Your pardon, Your Grace. I would rise, but...
Cersei Lannister: Do you know what your wife has done?
Eddard: (coldly) ...She did nothing I did not command.
Robert Baratheon: Who'da thought she had it in her?
Cersei Lannister: (with quiet fury) By what right dare you lay hands on my blood?!
Eddard Stark: I am the King's Hand- I was keeping the peace-
Cersei Lannister: You were the King's Hand! You will be held accountable-
Robert Baratheon: All right, WILL BOTH OF YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTHS! (pause, to Ned) Catelyn will release Tyrion, and you'll make your peace with Jaime!
Eddard Stark: He butchered my men.
Cersei Lannister: (maliciously) Lord Stark was returning drunk, from a brothel, when his men attacked Jaime-
Robert Baratheon: (scornfully) Quiet, woman.
Eddard Stark: Jaime has fled the city. Give me leave to bring him back, to justice. (Robert pauses)
Cersei Lannister: I took you for a King!
Robert Baratheon: Hold your tongue!
Cersei Lannister: He's attacked one of my brothers, and abducted the other! I should wear the armor, and you the gown! (Robert turns and strikes her across the face)...I shall wear this bruise like a badge of honor.
Robert Baratheon: (coldly) Wear it in silence- or I'll honor you again. (Cersei leaves)
Eddard Stark: What about Jaime?
Robert Baratheon: (irritated that Eddard won't drop the matter) I'm half a Kingdom in debt to his bloody father!! I don't know what happened between you and those yellow-haired shits, I don't want to know! This is what matters! I can't rule the Seven Kingdoms if the Starks and the Lannisters are at each other's throats, so enough! (drinks)
Eddard Stark: As you command, Your Grace. With your leave, I will return to Winterfell and set matters straight-
Robert Baratheon: (shakes his head) Piss on that! Send a raven. I want you to stay. I'm the King, I get what I want. (drinks and sighs) I never loved my brothers. Sad thing for a man to admit, but it's true. (pause) You were the brother I chose.

Dialog #27
Jorah Mormont: (catches Viserys trying to steal Dany's petrified dragon eggs) Don't let them see you carrying a sword in Vaes Dothrak- you know the law.
Viserys Targaryen: (shrugs, stands up) It's not my law. (continues stuffing the eggs into his bag)
Jorah Mormont: (sharply) They don't belong to you.
Viserys Targaryen: Whatever is hers, is also mine.
Jorah Mormont: Once, perhaps.
Viserys Targaryen: (turns around) If I sell one egg, I'll have enough to buy a ship- two eggs, a ship and an army.
Jorah Mormont: (raises his eyebrows) And you have all three-
Viserys Targaryen: (angry and impatient) I need a large army. (pause, comes towards him) I'm the last hope of the dynasty, Mormont. The greatest dynasty this world has ever seen, on my shoulders since I was five years old... and no one has ever given me what they gave to her in that tent. (petulantly) Never- not a piece of it. (pause) How can I carry what I need to carry without it? Hmm? Who can rule, without wealth or fear or love? (pause, Jorah continues to stare him down, Viserys snickers and starts to grin) You stand there, all nobility and honor (comes closer until they are eye-to-eye) You don't think I see you looking at my little sister, hmm? (Jorah looks increasingly uncomfortable) Don't think I know what you want? (pause, smiles and shakes his head) I don't care- you can have her. She can be Queen of the savages, and dine on the finest bloody horse-parts- and you can dine on whichever parts of her you like. But let me go. (starts to move past, Jorah blocks his way)
Jorah Mormont: You can go- you can't have the eggs.
Viserys Targaryen: (angrily) You swore an oath to me- does loyalty mean nothing to you?
Jorah Mormont: It means everything to me-
Viserys Targaryen: And yet, here you stand!
Jorah Mormont: (nods) And yet, here I stand. (after a tense moment, Viserys drops the eggs and Jorah lets him pass)

Dialog #28
Lysa Arynn: You wish to confess your crimes?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, my Lady, I do, my Lady.
Lysa Arynn: (smugly, to her sister Catelyn Stark) Sky cells always break them. (to Tyrion) Speak, Imp- and meet your Gods as an honest man!
Tyrion Lannister: Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I'm a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated. Gambled and whored. I'm not particularly good at violence, but I'm good at convincing others to do violence for me. (Catelyn looks at him urgently, hoping he will confess to ordering the hit on Bran) You want specifics, I suppose? When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe. She was forced to return to the castle naked and in tears. If I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing. When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle's boots with goat shit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged and I escaped justice. When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake. I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry! (makes masturbation gestures; some of the nobles begin to giggle, others look offended) Into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate. At least I hope she did. (many of the assembled have broken out in laughter) Once I brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel...
Lysa Arryn: (stands up angrily) Silence!
Robin Arryn: What happened next? (Lysa shushes him)
Lysa Arryn: What do you think you're doing?!
Tyrion Lannister: (pretending to act bewildered) Confessing my crimes.
Catelyn Stark: (sharply) Lord Tyrion, you are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed, and of conspiring to murder my sister's husband Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'm very sorry. I don't know anything about all that.
Lysa Arryn: (furious) You've had your little joke- I trust you enjoyed it! Mord! (Mord steps forward) Take him back to the dungeon! This time, find a smaller cell- with a steeper floor!
Tyrion Lannister: (angrily, to the room at large) Is this how justice is done in the Vale?! You accuse me of crimes, I deny them- so you throw me into a cell to freeze and starve! Where is the King's justice?! I am accused, and demand a trial! (Catelyn looks uncomfortable)
Lysa Arryn: (looks uneasy) If you're tried and found guilty, then by the King's own laws, you will pay with your life!
Tyrion Lannister: (nods impatiently) I understand the law.
Lysa Arryn: We have no executioner in the Eyrie- life is more elegant here. (to one of the Arryn bannermen) Open the Moon Door! (the bannerman does so, Tyrion stares nervously down through the door) You want a trial, my Lord Lannister? Very well... (both she and Robin smile maliciously) My son will listen to whatever you have to say, and you will hear his judgement. (Robin giggles) Then, you will leave... by one door, or the other.
Tyrion Lannister: (calmly, aware Robin will have him killed no matter what he says) No need to bother Lord Robin- I demand a trial by combat. (the assembled nobles begin laughing, Bronn looks interested; Lysa looks uncertainly to Catelyn, who shrugs)
Lysa Arryn: (irritably) You have that right.
1st Vale knight: My lady, I beg the honor. Let me be your champion.
2nd Vale knight: The honor should be mine! For the love I bore your Lord husband- let me avenge his death! (other knights and nobles begin to call for Lysa's support)
Robin Arryn: (jumps up) Make the bad man FLY! (Lysa pulls him back into his seat)
Lysa Arryn: Ser Vardis. You're quiet- did you want to avenge my husband?
Ser Vardis Egan: (kneels) With all my heart, my Lady. But the Imp is half my size- shameful to slaughter such a man, and call it "justice"
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) Agreed.
Lysa Arryn: (angrily) You demanded a trial by combat!
Tyrion Lannister: And now, I demand a champion- I have that right, same as you.
Ser Vardis Egan: (stands) My Lady, I will gladly fight the Imp's champion for you. (Lysa smiles and nods, satisfied)
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles at him) I wouldn't be too glad, Ser- I name my brother, Jaime Lannister. (Ser Vardis looks startled)
Lysa Arryn: The Kingslayer is hundreds of miles from here.
Tyrion Lannister: Send a raven for him- I'm happy to wait.
Lysa Arryn: (shakes her head, smiles coldly) The trial will be today.
Tyrion Lannister: Do I have a volunteer? (the assembled laugh mockingly as Tyrion looks from one to the next, in increasing desperation) Anyone?... anyone? (Robin giggles)
Lysa Arynn: I think we can assume that no one is willing to-
Bronn: (shrugs, steps forward) I'll stand for the dwarf. (Everyone looks in shock and bewilderment, Tyrion looks surprised and delighted)

Dialog #29
Eddard Stark: I'm sending you both back to Winterfell.
Sansa Stark: What?
Eddard Stark: Listen...
Sansa Stark: What about Joffrey?
Arya Stark: Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you're sending us home?
Eddard Stark: What? No.
Sansa Stark: Please father, please! Please don't!
Arya Stark: You can't! I've got my lessons with Syrio! I'm finally getting good!
Eddard Stark: This isn't a punishment. I want you back in Winterfell for your own safety.
Arya Stark: Can't we take Syrio back with us.
Narrator: Sansa Stark Who cares about your stupid dancing teacher? I can't go! I'm supposed to marry Prince Joffrey! I love him! And I'm meant to be his queen and have his babies!
Arya Stark: [Disgusted] Seven hells!
Eddard Stark: When you're old enough, I'll make you a match with someone who is worthy of you. Someone who is brave and gentle and strong.
Sansa Stark: I don't want someone brave and gentle and strong. I want him. [Arya and Ned barely restrain a giggle at Sansa's distress.] He'll be the greatest king there ever was, a golden lion, and I'll give him sons with beautiful blond hair.
Narrator: [A look of realization spreads across Ned's face after listening to the last part of Sansa's statement.]
Arya Stark: The lion's not his sigil, idiot. He's a stag like his father.
Sansa Stark: He is not! He is nothing like that old, drunk king.
Eddard Stark: Go on, girls. Get your septas and start packing your things.
Sansa Stark: Wait!
Arya Stark: [Grabs Sansa's hand and leads her out.] Come on!
Sansa Stark: But it's not fair!
Narrator: [The girls leave the room and Eddard sits down at his table, reopening the book of lineages to the page of the Baratheon family.]
Eddard Stark: Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair...Axel Baratheon, black of hair...Lyonel Baratheon, black of hair...Steffon Baratheon, black of hair...Robert Baratheon, black of hair...Joffrey Baratheon, goldenhead.
Narrator: [Ned's eyes widen as he puts the pieces together. He closes the book.]

Dialog #30
Viserys Targaryen: (stumbles into the feasting tent, visibly drunk) Daenerys! (Daenerys sees him and realizes trouble is coming) Where's my sister?
Daenerys Targaryen: (to Jorah Mormont) Stop him. (Jorah moves to intercept Viserys, Drogo watches Viserys in amusement)
Viserys Targaryen: Where is she? Hmm? Where is she? I'm here for the feast. The whore's feast?
Jorah Mormont: (grasps his arm) Come.
Viserys Targaryen: Get your hands off me! No one touches the Dragon!
Quotho: (in Dothraki) Khal rhae mhar! Me ifa! (Drogo laughs, Viserys hears him and turns to face him)
Viserys Targaryen: Khal Drogo! (waves and swaggers towards him) I'm here for the feast.
Khal Drogo: Nevakhi vekha ha maan. (Pointing in the direction of another room. Viserys turns to Jorah for a translation)
Jorah Mormont: Khal Drogo says there is a place for you. Back there. (points the same direction)
Viserys Targaryen: (smiles angrily and shakes his head at Drogo) That is no place for a king.
Khal Drogo: You are no king. (enraged, Viserys draws his scimitar and brandishes it; the celebrations immediately stop)
Viserys Targaryen: Keep away from me! (presses the blade to Jorah's neck as the knight tries to approach him)
Daenerys Targaryen: (stands up) Viserys, please. (Viserys finally sees her and a nasty grin spreads across his face)
Viserys Targaryen: There she is. (approaches her with his sword raised)
Jorah Mormont: Put the sword down. They'll kill us all.
Viserys Targaryen: They can't kill us. (doesn't notice Drogo looking meaningfully at his Bloodriders) They can't shed blood in their sacred city. (Irri tries to block his way, but Viserys forces her aside and presses his scimitar to Daenerys' pregnant belly, forcing her to sit) But I can. (Daenerys stares levelly back at her brother, who looks back and forth from her to Drogo) I want what I came for. I want the crown he promised me. He bought you. But he never paid for you. (Irri whispers an urgent translation to Drogo, who is watching Viserys worriedly) Tell him I want what was bargained for, or I'm taking you back. He can keep the baby. I'll cut it out and leave it for him. (Daenerys' and Drogo's expressions both turn cold)
Khal Drogo: (in an ominous tone) Anha vazhak maan rek me zala. Anha vazhak maan firikhnharen hoshora ma mahrazhi aqovi affin mori atihi mae!
Viserys Targaryen: What's he saying?
Daenerys Targaryen: He says yes. (Viserys looks surprised) You shall have a golden crown... that men shall tremble to behold. (Viserys looks at Drogo, unable to believe that he's gotten what he wanted.)
Viserys Targaryen: That was all I wanted. (laughs hesitantly as Drogo glares at him) What-what was promised. (laughs weakly and lowers his scimitar. Daenerys stands up; Drogo immediately goes to her and takes her hand; they share a look)
Khal Drogo: Qora mae. (Suddenly, Quotho and another of Drogo's Bloodriders seize Viserys' wrists, breaking his right arm and forcing him to drop the sword)
Viserys Targaryen: (in pain and rage) No! No! You cannot touch me. I am the Dragon. I am the Dragon! I want my crown! Ahh! [The Dothraki force him to his knees as he yells in pain; Drogo unbuckles his belt of gold ornaments]
Khal Drogo: Ammeni haz jolin! [The Dothraki woman empties a soup-pot hanging over the fire. Drogo drops the gold belt into the soup-pot and watches it melt; Viserys, horrified, suddenly realizess what Drogo is going to do to him]
Jorah Mormont: (approaches Daenerys) Look away, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No.
Viserys Targaryen: (terrified) No, Dany. Dany, tell them. Make them! Dany, make them... No, you can't! Just-- please! [To Daenerys, hysterically in tears] Dany, please! [Daenerys remains silent]
Khal Drogo: (walks up to Viserys with the pot of molten gold) A crown for a king. (He upends the pot and empties its contents onto his brother-in-law's head, making Viserys scream in agony, and levels his face in front of Viserys as he dies. When Viserys falls forward, the solidifying gold on his skull makes a metallic clank)
Jorah Mormont: (looking at Daenerys, who is still watching her brother's corpse) Khaleesi?
Daenerys Targaryen: He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon.

Dialog #31
Jaime Lannister: (reading a letter from Eddard Stark to Tywin, as Tywin sharpens a tanning knife next to a deer carcass) "You are summoned to answer for the crimes of your bannerman, Gregor Clegane 'the Mountain'...er, arrive within the fortnight or be branded an enemy of the Crown. (smirks) Poor Ned Stark- brave man, terrible judgement.
Tywin Lannister: (curtly) Attacking him was stupid. (Jaime looks surprised, Tywin begins skinning the carcass) Lannisters don't act like fools. (dumps the deer's intestines on the ground, wipes his hands) Are you gonna say something clever? Go on! Say something clever.
Jaime Lannister: Catelyn Stark took my brother.
Tywin Lannister: Why is he still alive? (continues skinning)
Jaime Lannister: Tyrion?
Tywin Lannister: Ned Stark.
Jaime Lannister: One of our men interfered- speared him through the leg before I could finish him.
Tywin Lannister: Why is he still alive? (Jaime looks taken aback)
Jaime Lannister: It wouldn't have been clean.
Tywin Lannister: (scoffs) "Clean?" You spend too much time worrying about what other people think of you.
Jaime Lannister: I could care less what anyone thinks of me.
Tywin Lannister: No, that's what you want people to think of you.
Jaime Lannister: It's the truth.
Tywin Lannister: When you hear them whispering "Kingslayer" behind your back, doesn't it bother you?
Jaime Lannister: (angrily) Of course it bothers me.
Tywin Lannister: The lion does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.(pause) I suppose I should be grateful your vanity got in the way of your recklessness. (pause) I'm giving you half of our forces-thirty thousand men. You will bring them to Catelyn Stark's girlhood home and remind her that Lannisters pay their debts!
Jaime Lannister: (raises an eyebrow) I didn't know you put such a high value on my brother's life.
Tywin Lannister: He's a Lannister. He might be the lowest of the Lannisters, but he is one of us. And every day that he remains a prisoner, the less our name commands respect.
Jaime Lannister: So, the lion does concern himself with the opinions of the-
Tywin Lannister: (turns around) No, it's not an opinion, it's a fact! If another house can seize one of our own, and hold him captive with impunity, it means we're no longer a house to be feared! (turns back to the deer) Your mother's dead, before long I'll be dead, and you...and your brother and your sister and all of her children. All of us dead, all of us rotting in the ground. It's the family name that lives on. It's all that lives on. Not your honor, not your personal glory, family. Do you understand? (Jaime nods; Tywin finishes skinning and wipes his hands off) You're blessed with abilities that few men possess. You're blessed to belong to the most powerful family in the Kingdoms, and you're still blessed with youth. And what have you done with these blessings, hmm? You've served as a glorified bodyguard for two kings, one a madman, the other a drunk. (walks over to Jaime) The future of our family will be determined in these next few months. We could establish a dynasty that will last a thousand years...or we could collapse into nothing, as the Targaryens did. (puts his hand on the side of Jaime's face) I need you to become the man you were always meant to be. Not next year, not tomorrow...now.

Dialog #32
Eddard Stark: I know the truth Jon Arryn died for.
Cersei Lannister: Do you, Lord Stark? Is that why you call me here, to pose me riddles?
Eddard Stark: [gesturing to the bruise on Cersei's cheek] Has he done this before?
Cersei Lannister: Jaime would have killed him. My brother is worth a thousand of your friend.
Eddard Stark: Your brother? Or your lover?
Cersei Lannister: The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for three hundred years to keep bloodlines pure. Jaime and I are more than brother and sister; we shared a womb, came into this world together – we belong together.
Eddard Stark: My son saw you with him.
Cersei Lannister: Do you love your children?
Eddard Stark: With all my heart.
Cersei Lannister: No more than I love mine.
Eddard Stark: And they're all Jaime's.
Cersei Lannister: [chuckles] Thank the gods. In the rare event Robert leaves his whores long enough to stumble drunken into my bed, I finish him off in other ways. In the morning, he doesn't remember.
Eddard Stark: You've always hated him!
Cersei Lannister: Hated him?! I worshipped him! Every girl in the Seven Kingdoms dreamed of him, but he was mine by oath. And when I finally saw him on our wedding day in the Sept of Baelor, lean and fierce and black-bearded, it was the happiest moment of my life. And that night, he crawled on top of me, stinking of wine, and did what he did – what little he could do … and whispered in my ear, "Lyanna". Your sister was a corpse, I was a living girl, and he loved her more than me!
Eddard Stark: When the king returns from his hunt, I will tell him the truth. You must be gone by then, you and your children; I won't have their blood on my hands. Go as far away as you can with as many men as you can, because wherever you go, Robert's wrath will follow you.
Cersei Lannister: And what of my wrath, Lord Stark? You should have taken the realm for yourself. Jaime told me about the day King's Landing fell. He was sitting on the Iron Throne, and you made him give it up. All you needed to do was climb the steps yourself … such a sad mistake.
Eddard Stark: I've made many mistakes in my life, but that wasn't one of them.
Cersei Lannister: Oh, but it was. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.

Dialog #33
Theon Greyjoy: You're a very luck girl, d'you know that? (Osha glares at him and nods briefly before continuing her work) Where I come from, we don't show mercy to criminals. Where I come from, if someone like you attacked a little Lord... at low tide, we'd lay you on your back, on the beach- your hands and feet chained to four stakes. The sea would come in, closer and closer... you'd see death creeping towards you, a few inches at a time.
Osha: Where is it you come from?
Theon Greyjoy: The Iron Islands.
Osha: They far away?
Theon Greyjoy: (incredulous) You've never heard of the Iron Islands? (doesn't realize yet that Osha is mocking him)
Osha: (scornfully) Trust me, you've never heard where I'm from, neither.
Theon Greyjoy: (irritated, steps closer to her) Trust me, my Lord. (Osha gives him a bewildered look) You're not living in the wilderness anymore. In civilized lands, you refer to your betters by their proper titles.
Osha: And what's that?
Theon Greyjoy: (sharply) Lord.
Osha: Why?
Theon Greyjoy:(angrily) Why? What do you mean, "why?" My father is Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands!
Osha: (frowns) What's that got to do with you? If your father's Lord, how can you be Lord, too?
Theon Greyjoy: (impatient) I will be Lord, after my father-
Osha: So you're not Lord now.
Theon Greyjoy: No, he- (pauses, frowns at her suspiciously) You having a go at me? Is that it? (Osha glances at him contemptuously)
Osha: Just don't understand how you Southerners do things.
Theon Greyjoy: I'm not a Southerner.
Osha: You're from South of the Wall- that makes you a Southerner to me.
Theon Greyjoy: (smiles dangerously, comes closer) You're an impudent little wench, aren't you?
Osha: Couldn't say, my Lord- don't know what "impunent" means.
Theon Greyjoy: "Impudent". It means rude. Disrespectful. (stoops next to her and grabs her arm, rattling the chain on her neck) D'you want to lose that chain? (grabs her face and turns her towards him)
Maester Luwin:(enters the room) Theon Greyjoy! (Theon hastily lets go and steps back) The lady is our guest.
Theon Greyjoy: Thought she was our prisoner-
Maester Luwin: (sharply) Are the two mutually exclusive, in your experience? (Osha smirks at Theon; furious, he leaves the room quickly) Chances are, I won't be nearby the next time that happens.
Osha: (smiles) I'm used to worse than 'im. I'm used to men, could chew that boy up an' pick their teeth with his bones.
Maester Luwin: (chuckles, approaches her)...Why did you come here?
Osha: Didn't mean to come here. Meant to get much further South than this- as far south as South goes. Before the Long Night comes.
Maester Luwin: Why? What are you afraid of?
Osha: Those Things... that sleep in the day, and hunt at night.
Maester Luwin: (shrugs) Owls and shadowcats-
Osha: (glares up at him) I'm not talking about owls and shadowcats. (pause, she goes back to her work)
Maester Luwin: The Things you speak of... They've been gone for thousands of years-
Osha: They wasn't gone, old man... They was sleeping. And they ain't sleeping no more.

Dialog #34
Renly Baratheon: Lord Stark, a moment...Alone, if you will? [Eddard dismisses his guards] He [Robert] named you Protector of the Realm?
Eddard Stark: He did.
Renly Baratheon: She won't care. Give me an hour, and I can put a hundred swords at your command.
Eddard Stark: And what should I do with a hundred swords?
Renly Baratheon: Strike! Tonight, while the castle sleeps! We must get Joffrey away from his mother and into our custody; Protector of the Realm or no, he who holds the king holds the kingdom. Every moment you delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare; by the time Robert dies, it will be too late for the both of us!
Eddard Stark: And what about Stannis?
Renly Baratheon: [incredulous] Saving the Seven Kingdoms from Cersei and delivering them to Stannis?! You have odd notions about protecting the realm!
Eddard Stark: Stannis is your older brother-
Renly Baratheon: This isn't about the bloody line of succession! That didn't matter when you rebelled against the Mad King, it shouldn't matter now! What's best for the Kingdoms? What's best for the people we rule? We all know what Stannis is; he inspires no love or loyalty. He's not a king...I am.
Eddard Stark: Stannis is a commander. He's led men into war twice, he destroyed the Greyjoy fleet-
Renly Baratheon: Yes, he's a good soldier, everyone knows that; so was Robert! Tell me something, do you still believe good soldiers make good kings?
Eddard Stark: I will not dishonour Robert's last hours by shedding blood in his halls and dragging frightened children from their beds.

Dialog #35
Jon Snow and Samwell Tarly: Hear my words, and bear witness to my vow. Night gathers, and now my Watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the Sword in the Darkness, I am the Watcher on the Walls, I am the Shield that guards the Realms of Men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this Night, and all the Nights to come.
Veteran Ranger: You knelt as boys. Rise, now, as men of the Night's Watch. (Sam and Jon rise, hug each other, and hug the other veterans) Well done, well done. (Ghost walks up to them with something in his mouth)
Samwell Tarly: What's he got there?
Jon Snow: To me, Ghost- bring it here. (Ghost drops the object on the ground- it is the hand of a Wight)
Samwwell Tarly: Gods be good.

Dialog #36
Petyr Baelish: [after betraying Ned] I did warn you not to trust me.

Dialog #37
Ser Meryn Trant: Arya Stark, come with us. Your father wants to see you. [Arya starts to walk toward Trant, but Syrio stops her]
Syrio Forel: And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in place of his own, I wonder?
Ser Meryn Trant: Mind your place, dancing master. This is no concern of yours.
Arya Stark: My father wouldn't send you. [picks up a wooden practice sword] And I don't have to go with you if I don't want.
Ser Meryn Trant: [laughs] Take her.
Syrio Forel: Are you men or snakes that you would threaten a child?
Lannister guard: Get out of my way, little man.
Syrio Forel: I am Syrio Forel...
Lannister guard: Foreign bastard.
Narrator: [Syrio whacks the Lannister guard on the head with his wooden sword, knocking him out]
Syrio Forel: And you will be speaking to me with more respect.
Ser Meryn Trant: Kill the Braavosi! Bring the girl.
Syrio Forel: Arya child, we are done with dancing for today. Run to your father.
Narrator: [Syrio proceeds to beat up all four Lannister soldiers]
Ser Meryn Trant: [draws his sword] Bloody oafs!
Syrio Forel: Begone, Arya.
Arya Stark: Come with me, Syrio. Run.
Syrio Forel: The First Sword of Braavos does not run.
Narrator: [Meryn Trant and Syrio fight briefly, then Trant snaps Syrio's sword in half]
Syrio Forel: What do we say to the god of death?
Arya Stark: [shivering] Not today. [runs]

Dialog #38
Varys: (enters Eddard's cell hooded, carrying a torch) Lord Stark- you must be thirsty. (kneels in front of him, offers him a wineskin)
Eddard Stark: Varys?
Varys: I promise you, it isn't poisoned. (exasperated) Why is it no one ever trusts the eunuch? (pulls the stopper out with his teeth, takes a sip and offers it to Eddard, who finally takes it and drinks deeply) Not so much, my Lord- I would save the rest, if I were you. Hide it. Men have been known to die of thirst in these cells.
Eddard Stark: What of my daughters?
Varys: The younger one seems to have escaped the castle; even my little birds cannot find her.
Eddard Stark: And Sansa?
Varys: Still engaged to Joffrey. Cersei will keep her close. The rest of your household though, all dead, it grieves me to say. I do so hate the sight of blood. (smiles wryly)
Eddard Stark: (angrily) You watched my men being slaughtered, and did nothing.
Varys: (shrugs) And would again, my Lord. I was unarmed, unarmored, and surrounded by Lannister swords. When you look at me, do you see a hero? (Eddard looks at him contemptuously, then looks away and drinks again) What madness led you to tell the Queen you had learnt the truth about Joffrey's birth?!
Eddard Stark: The madness of mercy (Varys looks at him in confusion) That she might save her children.
Varys: Ahh, the children- it's always the innocents who suffer. (pause) It wasn't the wine that killed Robert, nor the boar (Eddard looks at him, Varys stares at him reproachfully) Oh the wine slowed him down, and the boar ripped him open, yes, but it was your mercy that killed the King. (pause, Eddard ponders his words ashamedly) I trust you know you're a dead man, Lord Eddard.
Eddard Stark: The Queen can't kill me. Cat holds her brother. (drinks)
Varys: The wrong brother, sadly, and lost to her. Your wife has let the Imp slip through her fingers.
Eddard Stark: If that's true, then slit my throat and be done with it.
Varys: (shakes his head) Not today, my Lord. (gets up to leave)
Eddard Stark: Tell me something, Varys (Varys turns back to face him) Who do you truly serve?
Varys: (pause) The Realm, my Lord. Someone must. (leaves)

Dialog #39
Grand Maester Pycelle: (reading a scroll of Joffrey's commands, as Sansa crosses the room; Joffrey and Cersei both smirk at her in a superior manner) "It is also the wish of His Grace that his loyal servant Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch, be at once raised to the rank of Lord- and granted the great seat of Harrenhall, and that his sons and grandsons shall hold this order after him until the end of time. (Slynt bows to Joffrey and steps aside). In the place of the traitor, Eddard Stark(Sansa looks fearfully at Joffrey), it is the wish of His Grace that Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, be appointed Hand of the King. Lastly, in these times of treason and turmoil, it is the view of the Council that the life and safety of King Joffrey be of paramount importance."
Cersei Lannister: (leans forward) Ser Barristan Selmy.
Barristan Selmy: (steps forward from the Kingsguard) Your Grace. (kneels) I am yours to command.
Cersei Lannister: Rise, Ser Barristan. (he does so) You may remove your helmet. (he does so, uncertainly) You have served the Realm long and faithfully. Every man and woman in the Seven Kingdoms owes you thanks. But it is time to put aside your armor and your sword. (Selmy stares at her suspiciously) It is time to rest, and look back with pride, on your many years of service. (the court mutters in surprise)
Barristan Selmy: (deeply offended) Your Grace, the Kingsguard is a sworn brotherhood. Our vows are taken for life! Only death relieves us of our sacred trust!
Cersei Lannister: Whose death, Ser Barristan- yours or your King's? (Selmy glares at her)
Joffrey Baratheon: (scornfully) You let my father die. You're too old to protect anybody.
Barristan Selmy: (measured pause) Your Grace-
Cersei Lannister: The Council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard-
Barristan Selmy: (disgusted) A man who profaned his blade, with the blood of the King he had sworn to defend!
Cersei Lannister: (irritated) Careful, Ser.
Varys: (trying to be diplomatic) We have nothing but gratitude for your long service, good Ser. You shall be given a stout keep beside the sea, with servants to look after your every need-
Barristan Selmy: (scornfully) A hall to die in, and men to bury me! (Cersei's smug smile fades, Ser Barristan tears off his white cloak) I am a knight! I shall die a knight! ('throws his helmet and cloak at Joffrey's feet)
Petyr Baelish: A naked knight, apparently. (the court laughs. Furious, Ser Barristan draws his sword, and everyone goes quiet; the other five Kingsguard draw their own blades)
Barristan Selmy: (sneers) Even now, I could cut through the five of you like carving a cake! (pause, throws his sword at Joffrey's feet, causing him to flinch) Here, boy! Melt it down and add it to the others! (he storms out of the throne room)

Dialog #40
Robb Stark: Treason? Sansa wrote this?
Maester Luwin : It is your sister's hand, but the Queen's words. You are summoned to King's Landing to swear fealty to the new king.
Robb Stark: Joffrey puts my father in chains, now he wants his ass kissed?
Maester Luwin : This is a royal command, My Lord. If you should refuse to obey...
Robb Stark: I won't refuse. His Grace summons me to King's Landing, I'll go to King's Landing. But not alone. Call the banners.
Maester Luwin : All of them, My Lord?
Robb Stark: They've all sworn to defend my father, have they not?
Maester Luwin : They have.
Robb Stark: Now we see what their words are worth.
Maester Luwin : Yeah.
Narrator: [Maester Luwin goes away]
Theon Greyjoy: Are you afraid?
Robb Stark [showing his hand trembling for fear]: I must be.
Theon Greyjoy: Good.
Robb Stark: Why is that good?
Theon Greyjoy: It means you're not stupid.

Dialog #41
Tyrion: What do you want from me, Bronn? Gold? Women? Golden women? Stick with me and you'll have them all, for as long as I'm around and not a moment longer. But you knew that; that is why you took up arms so valiantly to defend my honour!
Bronn: Alright, but don't expect me to call upon your lordship whenever you take a shit. I'm not your toady, and I'm not your friend.
Tyrion: Though I would treasure your friendship, I'm mainly interested in your facility with murder. And if the day ever comes where you're tempted to sell me out, remember this: Whatever the price, I'll beat it. I like living.

Dialog #42
Shagga: How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?
Tyrion Lannister: In my own bed at the age of 80, with a bellyful of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock! (Shagga's men roar with laughter)

Dialog #43
Jon"Greatjon" Umber: (slightly drunk, to Robb) For thirty years, I've been making corpses out of men, boy. I'm the man you want leading the vanguard. (Theon and Bran watch for Robb's reaction)
Robb Stark: (firmly) Galbert Glover will lead the van.
Jon Umber: The bloody Wall will melt before an Umber marches behind a Glover! I will lead the van- or I will take my men, and march them home. (Robb slowly looks up at him, with an icy glare)
Robb Stark: (coldly) You are welcome to do so, Lord Umber. (stands up) And, when I am done with the Lannisters, I will march back North, root you out of your keep, and hang you for an oathbreaker.
Jon Umber: (furious) Oathbreaker, is it?! (knocks his cup aside and stands up; all the Northern lords go quiet) I'll not sit here and swallow insults from a boy so green he pisses grass! (he reaches for his sword, but Robb's direwolf, Grey Wind, leaps onto the table and runs towards him, snarling. The Greatjon roars in pain as the wolf bites two of his fingers off)
Robb Stark: (as the Greatjon gets up) My Lord father taught me it was death to bear steel against you liege-Lord. (the Greatjon glares at him) Doubtless, the Greatjon only meant to cut my meat for me.
Jon Umber: (stares at him incredulously for a moment, then glances at the other Lords) Your meat?! (holds up his mutilated hand) Is bloody tough! (after a moment, the Greatjon, Robb, and all the other Northern Lords burst out laughing)

Dialog #44
Drogo: Moon of my life, Mago says you have taken his spoils, a daughter of a lamb man who was his to mount. Tell me the truth of this.
Daenerys: Mago speaks the truth, my sun and stars. I have claimed many daughters this day so they cannot be mounted.
Drogo: This is the way of war. These women are slaves now to do with as we please.
Daenerys: It pleases me to keep them safe. If your riders would mount them, let them take them for wives.
Qotho: [disdainful] Does the horse mate with the lamb?
Daenerys: [coldly] The dragon feeds on horse and lamb alike.
Mago: [angrily] You are a foreigner. You do not command me.
Daenerys: I am Khaleesi. I do command you.
Drogo: [chuckles] See how fierce she grows? That is my son inside her, the stallion that will mount the world, filling her with his fire. I will hear no more. Mago, find somewhere else to stick your cock. [Mago spits in disgust and points his sword at Drogo]
Mago: A Khal who takes orders from a foreign whore is no khal at all! [Drogo's other bloodriders raise their swords at Mago]
Drogo: Stop! [the bloodriders back away; Drogo stands up and drops his sword to the ground- a gesture of contempt- then walks slowly towards Mago.] I will not have your body burned. I will not give you that honor. [Mago raises his sword, but Drogo simply presses his chest against the edge, leaving a small wound on his chest] The beetles will feed on your eyes. [Mago makes several swings, but Drogo dodges them easily; he draws his twin daggers and drops them on the ground as well] The worms will crawl through your lungs! [dodges several more attacks] The rain will fall on your rotting skin, until nothing is left of you but bones!
Mago: First you have to kill me! [attacks Drogo again]
Drogo: I already have! [Drogo ducks under the swing, slices open Mago's throat with the reverse edge of his own weapon, and then shoves his hand in the wound, tearing Mago's tongue out from its base]

Dialog #45
Bran: What did you mean about hearing the gods?
Osha: You asked them; they're answering you. Shhh. Open your ears.
Bran: That's only the wind.
Osha: Who do you think sends the winds but the gods? They see you, boy, they hear you. Your brother will get no help from them where he's going. The old gods have no power in the south. The weirwoods there were all cut down a long time ago. How can they watch when they have no eyes?
Bran: Are there really giants beyond the wall?
Osha: Giants and worse than giants. I tried telling your brother he's marching the wrong way. All these swords, they should be going the north, boy; north, not south. The cold winds are rising.

Dialog #46
Samwell Tarly: (as they burn the two Wights)...They were touched by White Walkers. (Jon, Pypar, Grenn and Rast look at him) That's why they came back- that's why their eyes turned blue. Only fire will stop them.
Jon Snow: How'd you know that?
Samwell Tarly: I read about it in a book. A very old book in Maester Aemon's library.
Jon Snow:...What else did the book say?
Samwell Tarly: The White Walkers sleep beneath the ice for thousands of years. And, when they wake up...
Pypar: And when they wake up...What?
Samwell Tarly: (stares up at the Wall, shrugs grimly)...I hope the Wall's high enough.

Dialog #47
Kevan Lannister: (looks up) Tyrion!
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) Uncle. Father. (Tywin stares at him coldly)
Tywin Lannister: The rumors of your demise were unfounded.
Tyrion Lannister: (looks away) Sorry to disappoint you.
Tywin Lannister: (glances at Bronn and the Hill Tribesmen) And who are these...companions of yours?
Tyrion Lannister: ('indicates each of them) This is Shagga, son of Dolf, chieftain of the Stone Crows- Timmett, son of... Timmett, ruler of the Burned Men- this... fair maid is Chella, daughter of Shek, leader of the Black Ears- and here, we have Bronn, son of...
Bronn: You wouldn't know him. (Tywin gives him a scornful look, Kevan smiles ruefully)
Tyrion Lannister: May I present my Lord father- Tywin, son of Tytos, of House Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West. (pause, Tyrion comes forward, smirking) Kind of you to go to war for me. (he sits down and reaches for the wine flask, but Tywin moves it out of his reach)
Tywin Lannister: You left us no choice. The honor of the House was at stake. Your brother would never have submitted to capture so meekly.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) We have our differences, Jaime and I. He's braver, I'm better looking-
Tywin Lannister: He's been covering himself in glory.
Kevan Lannister: (to Tyrion) Jaime smashed the River Lords at the Golden Tooth- and now, lays siege to Riverrun, Catelyn Stark's homeland.
Tyrion Lannister: And the Starks? Lord Eddard-
Tywin Lannister: Is our hostage. He will lead no armies from his dungeon cell.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) How did my sweet sister persuade the King to imprison his dear friend Ned?
Tywin Lannister: (smiles) Robert Baratheon is dead. (Tyrion is startled) Joffrey rules in King's Landing. (Tyrion turns to Kevan, who smiles and nods)
Tyrion Lannister: My sister rules, you mean. (Tywin shrugs)
Kevan Lannister: Stark's son has called his banners. He moves south, with a strong host.
Tywin Lannister: (smirks) A green boy... One taste of battle, and he'll run back to Winterfell with his tail between his legs.
Tyrion Lannister: Maybe... though the boy does have a certain belligerence. You'd like him. (Tywin glares at him) While we're on the subject of war, I made promises to my friends here. And a Lannister always pays his debts. We shall require 3,000 helms and shields- plus swords, pikes, daggers, maces-
Lannister scout: (enters and kneels before Tywin's table) If it please my Lord, Ser Adam bids me report that the Northmen have crossed the Neck. (Kevan looks startled)
Tywin Lannister: (stands up) The wolf rushes into the lion's jaws. So be it. Kevan- command the drummers beat assembly! (Kevan nods) And send word to Jaime that I'm moving against Robb Stark.
Kevan Lannister: At once, my Lord. (walks out. Tywin walks around his table and sizes up Bronn and the three Hill-Tribe leaders; behind him, Tyrion grabs the wine flask and fills his cup)
Tywin Lannister: It is said that the men of the mountain clans are great warriors. Ride with me against my enemies, and you shall have all my son promised you, and more.
Shagga: Only if the Halfman fights with us. Until we hold the steel he pledged us, the little lion's life is ours. (Tyrion turns around, looking nervous; Tywin looks from the Hill-Tribesmen to him, smirking)

Dialog #48
Varys: (enters Eddard's cell again, hooded and with a torch) You've seen better days, my Lord.
Eddard Stark: (wryly) Another visit- seems you're my last friend. (accepts the wineskin Varys offers)
Varys: Oh, no- many still love you. Sansa came to Court this morning to plead for your life.
Eddard Stark: (drinks) On her knees, begging for me? (angrily) Did you laugh, with the others?
Varys: (mildly offended) You do me wrong, my Lord. Your blood is the last thing I want-
Eddard Stark: I don't know what you want. (drinks again) I've given up trying to guess.
Varys: (long pause, looks away, then back) When I was still a boy, before they cut my balls off with a hot knife... I traveled with a group of actors through the Free Cities. They taught me that each man has a role to play. The same is true at court; I am the Master of Whisperers. My role is to be sly, obsequious, and without scruples.(smiles and shrugs) I am a good actor, my Lord.
Eddard Stark: (nods) Can you free me from this pit?
Varys: I could (nods, glances around). But will I? (shakes his head, Eddard chuckles knowingly) No. As I said, I'm no hero.
Eddard Stark: (impatiently) What do you want? Tell me, no stories, no riddles. Tell me, what do you want?
Varys: (kneels in front of him, looks him in the eye) Peace. Did you know that your son is marching south with an army of Northmen? Loyal lad, fighting for his father's freedom.
Eddard Stark: (shocked) Robb? He's just a boy.
Varys: Boys have been conquerers before. But the man giving Cersei sleepless nights is the king's...the late king's brother. Lord Stannis has the best claim to the throne; he's a proven battle commander and he is utterly without mercy.
Eddard Stark: Stannis Baratheon is Robert's true heir. The throne is his by rights!
Varys: (tuts, stands up as if to leave) Sansa pleaded so sweetly for your life, it would be a shame to throw it away. (pause) Cersei is no fool. She knows a tame wolf is more use to her than a dead one.
Eddard Stark: You want me to serve the woman who murdered my king, who butchered my men, who crippled my son?!
Varys: (angrily) I want you to serve the realm! Tell the Queen you will confess your vile treason, tell your son to lay down his sword and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir! (sees Eddard growing angrier and softens his tone) Cersei knows you as a man of honour. If you give her the peace she needs, and promise to carry her secret to your grave, I believe she will allow you to take the black and live out your days on the Wall, with your brother and your bastard son.
Eddard Stark:(laughs coldly) You think my life is some precious thing to me? That I would trade my honour for a few more years of...of what? You grew up with actors; you learned their craft and you learnt it well. But I grew up with soldiers. I learned how to die a long time ago.
Varys: Pity. Such a pity. (Varys moves to leave, but turns back for one last word) What of your daughter's life, my lord? Is that a precious thing to you? (Ned is visibly given pause by the remark)

Dialog #49
Narrator: [Theon shoots down a raven leaving the Twins; he removes the message it was carrying and hands it to Robb]
Robb Stark: (inspects it) It's a birthday message to his grand-niece, Walda-
Theon Greyjoy: Or so Walder Frey would have you think.
Catelyn Stark: Keep shooting them down. (Theon nods) We can't risk Lord Walder sending word of your movements to the Lannisters-
Robb Stark: He's Grandfather's bannerman! We can't expect his support?
Jon "Greatjon" Umber: Expect nothing of Walder Frey, and you'll never be surprised. Look. (they notice two Frey men-at-arms riding out of the Twins to meet the Northern army)
Robb Stark: (worriedly) Father rots in a dungeon... How long until they take his head? We need to cross the Trident, and we need to do it now.
Theon Greyjoy: Just march up to his gates and tell him you're crossing. We've got five times his numbers- you can take the Twins, if you have to.
Jon Umber: Not in time. Tywin Lannister marches north as we speak.
Catelyn Stark: The Freys have held the Crossing for six hundred years, and for six hundred years they have never failed to exact their toll.
Robb Stark:(pause) Have my horse saddled and ready.
Jon Umber: (stares at him in disbelief) Enter the Twins alone, and he'll sell you to the Lannisters, as he likes!
Theon Greyjoy: Or throw you in a dungeon- or slit your throat.
Robb Stark: (watches the Frey men approaching) My father would do whatever it took to secure our crossing- whatever it took. If I'm going to lead this army, I can't have all my men doing my bargaining for me.
Catelyn Stark: I agree. I'll go. (Ser Rodrik Cassel and the Greatjon protest)
Robb Stark: You cannot!
Catelyn Stark: I have known Lord Walder since I was a girl. He would never harm me.
Rodrik Cassel: (grimly) Unless there was a profit in it.

Dialog #50
Narrator: [Catelyn meets Lord Walder inside the Twins, surrounded by his dozens of children, both illegitimate and legitimate]
Walder Frey: What do you want?
Catelyn Stark: It is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, my Lord-
Walder Frey: Oh, spare me. Your boy's too proud to come before me himself. What am I supposed to do with you? (fondles his much-younger wife, Joyeuse)
Stevron Frey: Father, you forget yourself. Lady Stark is-
Walder Frey: Who asked you?! (Joyeuse flinches) You're not Lord Frey yet- not until I die. Do I look dead to you?
Ryger Rivers: Father, please!
Walder Frey: Do I need lessons in courtesy from you, bastard? Your mother would still be a milkmaid if I hand't squirted you into her belly!(he glares around at his children, then gestures to Catelyn) All right- you, come forward. (after a pause, Catelyn does so, and Lord Walder clumsily kisses her hand) There. Now that I've observed the courtesies, perhaps my sons will do me the honor of shutting their mouths.
Catelyn Stark: Is there somewhere we can talk?
Walder Frey: We're talking right now. (pause, Catelyn stares at him) Fine. OUT! All of you!(all his children leave, Walder slaps Joyeuse's rear end) You, too. (she leaves, Lord Walder stands up wearily, staring after her) You see that? Fifteen, she is. A little flower- and the honey's all mine. (walks slowly past Catelyn toward the fire)
Catelyn Stark: (hiding her distaste)...I'm sure she will give you many sons.
Walder Frey: Hah! (pause) Your father didn't come to the wedding.
Catelyn Stark: He is quite ill, my Lord.
Walder Frey: He didn't come to the last one, either. Or the one before that. (pause) Your family's always pissed on me.
Catelyn Stark: My Lord, I-
Walder Frey: Don't deny it, you know it's true. The fine Lord Tully would never marry any of his children to mine.
Catelyn Stark: I'm sure there are reasons-
Walder Frey: (pause) I didn't need reasons. I needed to get rid of sons and daughters. You see how they pile up? (pause) Why are you here?
Catelyn Stark: To ask you to open your gates, my Lord. So that my son and his bannermen may cross the Trident and be on their way.
Walder Frey: Why should I let him?
Catelyn Stark: (coldly) If you could climb your own battlements, you would see that he has twenty thousand men outside your walls.
Walder Frey: (scoffs, turns away) They'll be twenty thousand corpses, when Tywin Lannister gets here. Don't try and frighten me, Lady Stark- your husband's in a cell beneath the Red Keep, and your son's got no fur to keep his balls warm!
Catelyn Stark: (angrily) You swore an oath to my father.
Walder Frey: Oh, yes, I said some words- but then, I swore oaths to the Crown, too, if I remember right. Joffrey's King now, which makes your boy and his corpses-to-be nothing but rebels, it seems to me. If I had the sense the gods gave to a fish, I'd hand you both over to the Lannisters.
Catelyn Stark: (unfazed) Why don't you?
Walder Frey: (turns around) Stark, Tully, Lannister, Baratheon- give me one good reason why I should waste a single thought on any of you.

Dialog #51
Kevan Lannister: Our scouts tell us that Robb Stark moves south from the Twins- with Lord Frey's levies in tow. They're a day's march north.
Tywin Lannister: Hmm- the boy may lack experience and sense, but he does have a certain mindless provincial courage. (glares at Tyrion as he arrives to the briefing, late, and pours himself wine)
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, do continue- didn't mean to interrupt!
Tywin Lannister: I do hope your savages are going to be of some use, otherwise we wasted good steel on them.
Kevan Lannister: The great hairy one insisted he must have two battle-axes, heavy black steel, double-sided.
Tyrion Lannister: (shrugs and drinks) Shagga likes axes.
Tywin Lannister: When the battle commences, you and your wildlings will be in the vanguard.
Tyrion Lannister: The vanguard? Me and the tribesmen, on the front lines?
Kevan Lannister: They do seem rather ferocious.
Tyrion Lannister: Ferocious? Last night a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage. Three Stone Crows seized the Moon Brother and opened his throat. Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off the dead man's cock, which was fortunate, but even still Ulf is demanding blood money, which Shagga and Gunter refuse to pay-
Tywin Lannister: When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander-
Tyrion Lannister: Surely there are ways to have me killed that would be less detrimental to the war effort!
Tywin Lannister: There'll be no more discussion on the matter.
Tyrion Lannister: (Pushes aside his plate) It appears I'm not hungry after all. Excuse me, my Lords.

Dialog #52
Tyrion Lannister: (enters his tent to find Bronn with Shae, a whore; he appraises her, then turns to Bronn)...Where did you find one so pretty, at this hour?
Bronn: I took her. (Tyrion pours himself wine)
Tyrion Lannister: Took her? From whom?
Bronn: From, uh, Ser...what's-his-name... (shrugs) I dunno, ginger cunt, three tents down.
Tyrion Lannister: And he didn't have anything to say about it?
Bronn: (shrugs)...He said something. (Tyrion stares at him)
Tyrion Lannister: (shrugs, turns toward Shae) Well, the odds of me living long enough for him to retaliate have just dropped drastically. We'll be at the vanguard tomorrow.
Bronn: (looks uneasy)...Ah, well (they both look at Shae) I think I'll go and find meself one. (leaves)
Tyrion Lannister: (looks up at Shae)...Who are you?
Shae: (smiles) Who would you like me to be?
Tyrion Lannister: (frowns) What did your mother call you? ('drinks)
Shae: Shae. What did your mother call you?
Tyrion Lannister: My mother died giving birth to me.
Shae: Is that why I'm here- so we can talk about our mothers? (Tyrion smiles)
Tyrion Lannister: What sort of accent is that?
Shae: Foreign.
Tyrion Lannister: Fo- (he sees Shae smirking at him and smiles ruefully)
Shae:...What do you want from me?
Tyrion Lannister: (frowns bemusedly) What do I want from you? (pause) I want you to share my tent. I want you to pour my wine, laugh at my jokes, rub my legs when they are sore after a long day's ride. I want you to take no other man to bed, for as long as we are together. And, I want you to fuck me like it's my last night in this world. Which it may well be.
Shae: And what do I get?
Tyrion Lannister: One, safety. No one will hurt you, for as long as you're mine. (sits down) Two, the pleasure of my company (smiles) Which I have heard is spectacular.
Shae: Who told you this- women you paid?
Tyrion Lannister: And, three- more gold than you could spend if you lived a thousand years. (pause) Do you accept my proposal?

Dialog #53
Ser Jorah Mormont: [sees an infected and incoherent Khal Drogo] Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Come. He's very strong. No one understands how strong he is.
Ser Jorah Mormont: [inspects the wound] He will die tonight, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: He can't. He can't. I won't let him.
Ser Jorah Mormont: Even a queen doesn't have that power. We must go quickly. I've heard there's a good port in Asshai.
Daenerys Targaryen: I won't leave him.
Ser Jorah Mormont: He's already gone, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Even if he dies, why would I run? I am Khaleesi, and my son will be Khal after Drogo!
Ser Jorah Mormont: This isn't Westeros, where men honor blood. Here they only honor strength. There will be fighting after Drogo dies. Whoever wins that fight will be the new Khal. He won't want any rivals. Your boy will be plucked from your breast and given to the dogs.
Daenerys Targaryen: I won't leave him.

Dialog #54
Jeor Mormont: When does Aemon thinkk you'll be able to use that hand?
Jon Snow: Soon, he says.
Jeor Mormont: Good- then you'll be ready for this, then. (picks up an ornate longsword with a white wolf's head for a pommel) I thought a wolf was more appropriate for you than a bear- so I had a new pommel made. It's called Longclaw- works as well for a wolf as a bear, I think. (holds the sword out to Jon, who takes it and half-draws it)
Jon Snow: (examining the blade)...This is Valyrian steel.
Jeor Mormont: (nods) It was my father's sword- and his father's before him. The Mormonts have carried it for five centuries. It was meant for my son, Jorah. He brought dishonor to our House, but he had the grace to leave the sword behind before he fled from Westeros. (turns away)
Jon Snow: My Lord, you honor me, but I can't-
Jeor Mormont: Oh, you can, and you will. (picks up his ale-cup, turns around) I wouldn't be standing here if it wasn't for you and your beast. (chuckles) Bloody dead man tried to kill me. So, you'll take it- and we'll hear no more about it. Understood?
Jon Snow: Yes, my Lord.
Jeor Mormont: (sits down) Now, don't think this means I approve of this nonsense between you and Alliser Thorne. That's a man's sword- take a man to wield it.
Jon Snow: ...I'll apologize to Ser Alliser tonight-
Jeor Mormont: No, you won't. I sent him to King's Landing yesterday. The hand that your wolf tore off that thing's wrist, I've... ordered Thorne to lay it at the feet of this... boy-king. That should get young Joffrey's attention- and, it puts a thousand leagues between you and Thorne. (Jon smiles) Now, go and put your sword somewhere safe- and bring me my supper.
Jon Snow: (sheathes Longclaw) Yes, my Lord. (walks out)

Dialog #55
Narrator: [Tyrion wakes up after the Battle of the Green Fork, having been accidentally knocked out by one of his own Hill Tribesmen]
Bronn: You're a shit warrior.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm alive?
Bronn: Aye, you're alive. (sheathes his sword)
Tyrion Lannister: Did we win?
Bronn: We wouldn't be having this conversation if we didn't. (they observe the Hill Tribes butchering the wounded and dying Northerners left on the battlefield. Tyrion tries to sit up, flinching in pain from his concussion)
Tyrion Lannister: How did our Tribesmen do?
Bronn: (raises his eyebrows, nods to the small slaughter going on around them) Yeah?... good.
Tyrion: It's nice to see them getting along.
Tywin Lannister: (rides up to Tyrion on his war-horse) You're wounded.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) Good of you to notice. (glances at Bronn) I hear we won.
Tywin Lannister: (scoffs) The scouts were wrong. There were two thousand Stark bannermen, not twenty.
Tyrion Lannister: (glances around) Did we get the Stark boy, at least?
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) He wasn't here.
Tyrion Lannister: Where was he?
Tywin Lannister: With his other eighteen thousand men. (rides past)
Tyrion Lannister: (stunned at the scale of the trick Robb has played on them) And where are they?!

Dialog #56
Rodrik Cassel: We should go, my Lady.
Catelyn Stark: No.
Rodrik Cassel: (impatiently) My Lady... (Suddenly, the Stark bannermen come charging out of the woods towards them, with Robb riding triumphantly at their head; Catelyn gives a sob of relief that they are victorious. Several Stark men dump Jamie Lannister on the ground before them, his hands bound)
Robb Stark: By the time they knew what was happening, it had already happened.
Jaime Lannister: Lady Stark, I'd offer you my sword, but, I seem to have lost it.
Catelyn Stark: It is not your sword I want. Give me my daughters back, give me my husband.
Jaime Lannister: I've lost them too, I'm afraid.
Theon Greyjoy: Kill him, Robb; send his head back to his father. He cut down ten of our men.
Robb Stark: He's more use to us alive than dead.
Catelyn Stark: Take him away and put him in irons.
Jaime Lannister: We could end this war right now boy, save thousands of lives. I fight for the Lannisters, you fight for the Starks. Swords, knives, teeth, nails; choose your weapon, and we can end this.
Robb Stark: If we did it your way, Kingslayer, you'd win. (Jaime grins) We're not doing it your way.
Jon Umber: (leads Jaime away) Come on, pretty man!
Robb Stark: I sent 2,000 men to their graves today.
Theon Greyjoy: The bards will sing songs of their sacrifice.
Robb Stark: Aye, but the dead won't hear them. [turns to address his army] One victory does not make us conquerers. Did we free my father? Did we free my sisters from the Queen? Did we free the North from those who'd have us on our knees? This war is far from over.

Dialog #57
Aemon Targaryen: The gods were cruel when they saw fit to test my vow. They waited until I was old. What could I do when the ravens brought the news from the South? The ruin of my house. The death of my family. I was helpless, blind, frail, but when I heard they had killed my brother's son, and his poor son, and the children. Even the little children!
Jon Snow: Who are you?
Aemon Targaryen: My father was Maekar, the first of his name. My brother Aegon reigned after him, when I had refused the throne, and his son...was Aerys...whom they called "The Mad King."
Jon Snow: You're Aemon Targaryen.
Aemon Targaryen: I am a Maester of the Citadel, bound in service to Castle Black and the Night's Watch. I will not tell you to stay or go. You must make that choice yourself and live with it the rest of your days, as I have.

Dialog #58
Eddard Stark: (as he is dragged through the crowds in chains, to the square before the Great Sept of Baelor, he spots Arya watching him from near the statue and warns Yoren as he passes) Baelor...Baelor! (Yoren spots Arya and moves to protect her; Eddard is marched up the steps to where Joffrey stands gloating, flanked by the Kingsguard. With Joffrey are Cersei, Sansa, Pycelle, Varys, Petyr Baelish, the Hound and Illyn Payne. The crowds are in uproar, but they gradually quiet) I am Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King. (hesitates, looks to Sansa, who nods encouragingly) I come before you to confess my treason, in the sight of Gods and men. I betrayed the faith of my King, and the trust of my friend, Robert. I swore to defend and protect his children, but before his blood was cold (pauses, swallows and continues the lie)... I plotted to murder his son, and seize the throne for myself. (the crowd erupts again; someone throws a stone at Eddard and knocks him off-balance, but the Hound helps him upright) Let the High Septon and Baelor the Blessed bear witness to what I say... (swallows, furious and ashamed at having to lie) Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne (Joffrey looks triumphantly to Cersei, who smiles at him) By the grace of all the Gods, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm. (the crowds begin yelling again; Arya and Sansa both look frightened, Arya reaches for Needle. Pycelle steps forward and raises his hands in a placating gesture)
Pycelle: As we sin...so do we suffer. This man has confessed his crimes...in sight of Gods...and men. The Gods are just! But...beloved Baelor taught us... they can also be merciful. (looks to Joffrey, waiting for him to pardon and exile Ned) What is to be done with this... traitor, Your Grace? (the crowds begin shouting, but Joffrey raises his hand, smiling, and they fall silent)
Joffrey Baratheon: My mother wishes me to let Lord Eddard join the Night's Watch. Stripped of all titles and powers, he would serve the Realm in permanent exile. (looks to Sansa) And my Lady Sansa... has begged mercy for her father. (Sansa smiles hesitantly; Joffrey pauses and turns back to the crowd) But they have the soft hearts of women. So long as I am your King, treason shall never go unpunished! (Sansa looks scared again) Sir Illyn! (with savage relish) Bring me his head! (the crowds erupt again; Pycelle, Baelish and Varys look stunned)
Sansa Stark: NO! (As a Kingsguard holds her back, Cersei whispers frantically in Joffrey's ear, trying to stop him; Eddard stares up at Sansa in shock.) Someone stop him! NO! (Arya, horrified, gets down from the statue and tries to force her way through the crowd to her father, but Yoren catches her first. Two of the Kingsguard force Eddard to his knees as Sir Illyn comes up the steps, putting on a black hood. Varys frantically runs to Joffrey in an effort to stop him as well.)
Yoren: Don't look!
Arya Stark: Let me go! LET ME GO!
Yoren: Shut your mouth! Look at me! Look at me! (he pulls her close to his chest as Sir Illyn draws Eddard's own sword, Ice; Sansa is still screaming)
Sansa Stark: Stop him- STOP!
Narrator: [Eddard looks all around him as Sir Illyn approaches; the sounds fade except for his breathing. He sees that Arya is no longer on the statue of Baelor, and, content that she is safe, bends his head forward as Sir Illyn raises the massive sword and swings. In the crowd, Arya looks up and sees birds flying away in response to the beheading; she closes her eyes in pain]

Dialog #59
Daenerys Targaryen: [furious] You knew what I was buying, and you knew the price!
Mirri Maz Duur: [unrepentant] It was wrong of them to burn my temple. It angered the Great Shepherd...
Daenerys Targaryen: This is not God's work. My child was innocent!
Mirri Maz Duur: Innocent? He would have been the stallion who mounts the world. Now he will burn no cities, now his Khalasar will trample no nations into dust.
Daenerys Targaryen: I spoke for you. I saved you!
Mirri Maz Duur: [scoffs] Saved me? Three of those riders had already raped me before you "saved" me, girl. I saw my God's house burn. There where I had healed men and women, beyond counting. In the streets, I saw piles of heads. The head of a baker, who bakes my bread. A head of a little boy that I cured of fever just three moons past. So, tell me again exactly what it was that you saved?
Daenerys Targaryen: Your life!
Mirri Maz Duur: Why don't you take a look at your Khal? Then you will see exactly what life is worth, when all the rest has gone.

Dialog #60
Narrator: [The Lannisters are stymied by Robb Stark's recent victories, and Jamie Lannister has been captured]
Tywin Lannister:...They have my son.
Tyrion Lannister: The Stark boy appears to be less green than we'd hoped.
Harys Swift: I'm told his wolf killed a dozen men and as many horses!
Addam Marband: Is it true about Stannis and Renly?
Kevan Lannister: Both Baratheon brothers have taken up against us. Jaime captured, his armies scattered...it's a catastrophe. (glances hesitantly in Tywin's direction) Perhaps we should sue for peace.
Tyrion Lannister: (knocks his glass to the floor, shattering it) There's your peace. Joffrey saw to that when he decided to remove Ned Stark's head. You'll have an easier time drinking out of that cup than you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now. He's winning, in case you hadn't noticed.
Kevan Lannister: I'm told we still have his sisters...
Harys Swift: The first order of business is ransoming Ser Jaime!
Addam Marband: No truces, we can't afford to look weak. We should march on them at once!
Kevan Lannister: First, we must return to Casterly Rock and raise more-
Tywin Lannister:(turns around, furious) THEY HAVE MY SON! (All fall silent) Get out, all of you. (The Westerland Lords leave quickly, Tywin sits down as Tyrion reaches the doorway) Not you. (Tyrion takes a seat, and reaches for the wine jug, but Tywin stops him, then pours wine for both of them) You were right about Eddard Stark; if he were alive, we could've used him to broker a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun... which would have given us more time to deal with Robert's brothers, but now? Madness, madness and stupidity! (pause) I always thought you were a stunted fool. Perhaps I was wrong.
Tyrion Lannister: Half wrong. (pause) I'm new to strategy, but unless we want to be surrounded by three armies, it appears we can't stay here.
Tywin Lannister: No one will stay here. Ser Gregor will head out with five hundred riders and set the riverlands on fire from Gods' Eye to the Red Fork. The rest of us will regroup at Harrenhal. (drinks) And you will go to King's Landing.
Tyrion Lannister: And do what?!
Tywin Lannister: Rule. You will serve as Hand of the King in my stead; you'll bring that boy-king to heel, and his mother too, if needs be. And if you get so much as a whiff of treason from any of the rest- Baelish, Varys, Pycelle-
Tyrion Lannister: Heads, spikes, walls. (Tywin nods) Why not my uncle? Why not anyone?! Why me?
Tywin Lannister: You're my son. (Tyrion stares at him, Tywin gets up and starts to leave, but pauses) Oh, one more thing. You will not take that whore to Court.

Dialog #61
Varys: (enters the Throne Room to find Littlefinger staring up at the Iron Throne again) When you imagine yourself up there, how do you look? Does the crown fit? Do all the lords and ladies simper and bow- the ones who sneered at you for years?
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: It's hard for them to simper and bow without heads.
Varys: A man with great ambition and no morals- I wouldn't bet against you.
Petyr Baelish: And what would you do, my friend, if you found yourself sitting up there?
Varys: (looks at the Iron Throne) I must be one of the few men in this city who doesn't want to be King.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles slightly) You must be one of the few men in this city who isn't a man.
Varys: (scoffs) You can do better than that. (turns away, Littlefinger follows him)
Petyr Baelish: When they castrated you, did they take the pillar with the stones? I've always wondered.
Varys: (amused) Have you? Do you spend a lot of time wondering what's between my legs?
Petyr Baelish: I picture... a gash, like a woman's. Is that about right?
Varys: I am flattered, of course, to be pictured at all.
Petyr Baelish: Must be strange for you, even after all these years- a man from another land, despised by most, feared by all-
Varys: (smiles, glances at Baelish) Am I? That is good to know. Do you lie awake at night, fearing my gash?
Petyr Baelish:- But you carry on, whispering in one King's ear, and then the next. (they stop near the entrance to the Throne room and size one another up) I admire you.
Varys: (nods) And I admire you, Lord Baelish. A grasper from a minor house, with a major talent for befriending powerful men- and women.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) A useful talent, I'm sure you'd agree.
Varys: (nods, smiles) So- here we stand, in mutual admiration and respect. (bows his head slightly)
Petyr Baelish: (nods) Playing our roles.
Varys: (notices Joffrey entering the Throne Room and bows) Serving a new King.
Petyr Baelish: (To Varys) Long may he reign. (turns around and bows to Joffrey) My King!
Varys: (humorously) My King.
Joffrey Baratheon: (walks past them without stopping, flanked by the Kingsguard) My Lords. Shall we begin?

Dialog #62
Jonos Bracken: The proper course is clear; pledge fealty to King Renly and move south to join our forces with his.
Robb Stark: Renly is not the king.
Galbart Glover: You cannot mean to hold to Joffrey, my lord. He put your father to death!
Robb Stark: That doesn't make Renly king. He's Robert's younger brother. Now Bran cannot be Lord of Winterfell before me, Renly cannot be king before Stannis.
Galbart Glover: Do you mean to declare us with Stannis?
Lord Karstark: Renly is not right! [The Stark and Tully bannermen begin to argue]
Greatjon Umber: My lords. MY LORDS! [all fall silent] Here's what I say to these two kings. [spits, drawing laughter from the men] Renly Baratheon is nothing to me, nor Stannis neither. Why should they rule over me and mine from some flowery seat in the south? What do they know of the Wall or the Wolfswood? Even their gods are wrong. Why shouldn't we rule ourselves again? It was the dragons we bowed to and now the dragons are dead. [draws his sword and points it to Robb] There sits the only King I mean to bend my knee to: the King in the North! [kneels]
Lord Karstark: I'll have peace on those terms. They can keep their red castle, and their iron chair too. [draws his sword and kneels] The King in the North.
Theon Greyjoy: Am I your brother, now and always?
Robb Stark: Now and always, Theon.
Theon Greyjoy: [draws his sword and kneels] My sword is yours, in victory and defeat, from this day until my last day.
Greatjon Umber: The King in the North!
Northern and Riverlords: The King in the North! [all drawing swords] The King in the North! THE KING IN THE NORTH!

Dialog #63
Jeor Mormont: (stares at his meal) Ham. How many days in a row must a man be expected to start his dinner with ham? Bring me some beer at least. (Jon pours ale) You look exhausted- was your moonlight ride that tiring? (Jon turns around slowly) Don't look so terrified. If we beheaded every man who ran away for the night, only ghosts would guard the Wall. At least you weren't whoring in Mole's Town. (Jon sets the mug of beer in front of him) Honor made you leave... and honor brought you back.
Jon Snow: My friends brought me back. (Mormont looks up at him)
Jeor Mormont: I didn't say it was your honor.
Jon Snow: They killed my father-
Jeor Mormont: (sharply) Oh, and you're gonna bring him back to life, are you? No? Good- we've had enough of that sort of thing. (gets up, walks past Jon to the fire) Beyond the Wall, Rangers are reporting whole villages abandoned. At night, they see fires blazing in the mountains from dusk until dawn. A captured Wildling swears that the tribes are uniting at some secret stronghold. To what ends... the Gods only know. (turns back to Jon) Outside Eastwatch, Cotter Pyke's men discovered four blue-eyed corpses- unlike us, they were wise enough to burn them. (pause) Do you think your brother's war is more important than ours?
Jon Snow: No.
Jeor Mormont: When dead men and worse come hunting for us in the night, you think it matters who sits on the Iron Throne?
Jon Snow: No.
Jeor Mormont: Good. Because I want you and your wolf with us when we ride out beyond the Wall tomorrow.
Jon Snow: Beyond the Wall?
Jeor Mormont: I'll not sit meekly by and wait for the snows. I mean to find out what's happening. The Night's Watch will ride in force, against the Wildlings, the White Walkers and whatever else is out there. And we will find Benjen Stark, alive or dead. I will command them myself, so I'll only ask you once, Lord Snow: are you a brother of the Night's Watch, or a bastard boy who wants to play at war?

Dialog #64
Jorah Mormont: (after seeing Daenerys survive her husband's funeral pyre, and her three baby dragons hatch) Blood of my blood.'

Dialog #65
Narrator: [Tyrion arrives at Joffrey's tournament, accompanied by Bronn and a number of hill tribesmen]
Tyrion Lannister: Beloved nephew! We looked for you on the battlefield, but you were nowhere to be found!
Joffrey Baratheon: [caught offguard] I...I've been here, ruling the kingdoms!
Tyrion Lannister: [mocking] And what a fine job you've done! [turns to his niece Myrcella] Look at you, more beautiful than ever! [to his nephew Tommen] And you! You're going to be bigger than the Hound...but much better looking! [indicates the Hound to Bronn] This one doesn't like me.
Bronn: I can't imagine why.
Joffrey Baratheon: We heard you were dead.
Myrcella Baratheon: I'm glad you're not dead.
Tyrion Lannister: Me too, dear. Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world. [turns to Sansa] My lady, I'm sorry for your loss.
Joffrey Baratheon: [outraged] Her loss?! Her father was a confessed traitor!
Tyrion Lannister: [curtly] But still her father. Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father, you can sympathise!

Dialog #66
Cersei Lannister: I heard a song once, about a boy of modest means, found his way in the home of a very prominent family. He loved the eldest daughter. Sadly, she had eyes for another.
Petyr Baelish: When boys and girls live in the same home, awkward situations can arise. Sometimes, I've heard, even brothers and sisters develop certain affections. And when those affections become common knowledge, well that is an awkward situation indeed, especially in a prominent family. Prominent families often forget a simple truth I found.
Cersei Lannister: And which truth is that?
Petyr Baelish: Knowledge is power.
Narrator: [Cersei pauses a moment]
Cersei Lannister: [to her guards] Cut his throat. [her guards move to do so] No, wait. [chuckles] I've changed my mind. Let him go. [her guards do so] Step back three paces. [they obey]. Turn around. [they obey] Close your eyes. [they obey]. [steps up to Petyr] Power is power.

Dialog #67
Tyrion Lannister: (whistling "The Rains of Castamere" as he enters the Small Council Chamber, to Cersei's surprise) Don't get up!... More ravishing than ever, Big Sister! War agrees with you! (grins mockingly and kisses the cheek of Cersei, who looks disgusted; Janos Slynt, Pycelle, Petyr Baelish and Varys, puzzled, watch him as he moves towards the Hand's chair) Excuse the interruption. Carry on.
Cersei Lannister: What are you doing here?
Tyrion Lannister: It's been a... remarkable journey! (sits down, pours himself wine) I pissed off the edge of the Wall. [Cersei fumes] I slept in a sky-cell. I fought with the Hill-tribes! So many adventures- so much to be thankful for! (takes a gulp of wine)
Cersei Lannister: What are you doing here?! This is the Small Council!
Tyrion Lannister: (unperturbed) Yes- well, I do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all Small Council meetings.
Cersei Lannister: Father is Hand of the King!
Tyrion Lannister: Yes. But- in his absence- (smugly hands a small scroll to Varys, who unrolls it)
Varys: (to Cersei) Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as Hand in his stead (Cersei exhales angrily) while he fights-
Cersei Lannister: (stands up suddenly) OUT! All of you, out! (Slynt, Pycelle, Baelish and Varys bow and leave hastily as Cersei storms around the table towards Tyrion) I would like to know how you tricked Father into this!
Tyrion Lannister: (scornfully) If I were capable of tricking Father, I'd be Emperor of the world by now. You brought this on yourself.
Cersei Lannister: (sits down, gives him a defensive look) I've done nothing.
Tyrion Lannister: Quite right, you did nothing- when your son called for Ned Stark's head! Now the entire North has risen up against us!
Cersei Lannister: I tried to stop it-
Tyrion Lannister: Did you? You failed. That bit of theatre will haunt our family for a generation.
Cersei Lannister:(dismissive) Robb Stark is a child.
Tyrion Lannister: Who's won every battle he's fought! Do you understand we're losing the war?!
Cersei Lannister: What do you know about warfare?
Tyrion Lannister: (shrugs) Nothing. But I know people, and I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us. (pause)
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey is King.
Tyrion Lannister: Joffrey is King.
Cersei Lannister: You are here to advise him.
Tyrion Lannister: Only here to advise him. And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his uncle Jaime back.
Cersei Lannister: (pause) How?
Tyrion Lannister: You love your children. It’s your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well, and we have two of them.
Cersei Lannister: One.
Tyrion Lannister: (raises an eyebrow ominously)...One?!
Cersei Lannister: Arya, that little animal, she disappeared.
Tyrion Lannister: Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke?! (gives her a look of disbelief at her stupidity) We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one’s head off, and let another escape. (smugly) Father would be furious. Must be hard for you- to be the disappointing child.

Dialog #68
Jaime Lannister: (mockingly, as Robb enters the cage where he sits bound) The King in the North!... I keep expecting you to leave me in one castle or another for safekeeping, but you drag me along from camp to camp! Have you grown fond of me, Stark? (grins) Is that it? (shrugs)I've never seen you with a girl...
Robb Stark: If I left you with one of my bannermen, your father would know within a fortnight, and my bannermen would receive a raven with a message: "Release my son and you'll be rich beyond your dreams- refuse, and your house'll be destroyed, root and stem."
Jaime Lannister: (shaking his head mockingly, feigning disbelief) You don't trust the loyalty of the men following you into battle?
Robb Stark: (smiles) Oh, I trust them with my life- just not with yours.
Jaime Lannister: (nods with grudging respect) Smart, boy. (stares up at Robb) What's wrong- don't like being called boy? (frowns mockingly) Insulted? (Robb's eyes glance outside the cage. Jaime hears snarling and heavy breathing outside and nervously glances over his shoulder; he sees Robb's direwolf, Grey Wind, stalking around the cage.)
Robb Stark: (calmly) You insult yourself, Kingslayer. You've been defeated by a boy- you'r held captive by a boy... perhaps you'll be killed by a boy. (Grey Wind enters the cage doorway and stands quietly next to Robb; Jaime watches him warily) Stannis Baratheon sent ravens to all the High Lords of Westeros. The King Joffrey Baratheon is neither a true King, nor a true Baratheon. He's your bastard son.
Jaime Lannister: Well, if that's true, Stannis is the rightful King. How convenient for him.
Robb Stark: My father learned the truth. (strokes Grey Wind's neck) That's why you had him executed.
Jaime Lannister: I was your prisoner when Ned Stark lost his head.
Robb Stark: (angrily) Your son killed him so the world wouldn't learn who fathered him and you... you pushed my brother from a window because he saw you with the Queen. (he grips the fur on Grey Wind's neck, causing the wolf to snarl at Jaime)
Jaime Lannister: ...You have proof? Or, do you want to trade gossip like a couple of fishwives?
Robb Stark: I'm sending one of your counsins down the King's Landing with my peace terms.
Jaime Lannister: You think my father's going to negotiate with you? (smiles and shakes his head) You don't know him very well.
Robb Stark: No... (smiles) but he's starting to know me.
Jaime Lannister: Three victories don't make you a conqueror.
Robb Stark: ...It's better than three defeats. (walks out; Grey Wind comes very close to Jaime, snarls and snaps in his face to intimidate him, then follows his master out.)

Dialog #69
Robb Stark: [speaking to Alton Lannister, a Lannister emissary] I offer your cousins peace, if they meet my terms. First, your family must release my sisters. Second, my father's bones must be returned to us, so that he may rest beside his brother and sister in the crypts beneath Winterfell. And the remains of all those who died in his service must be returned also, that their families can honour them with proper funerals.
Alton Lannister: An honourable request, your Grace.
Robb Stark: Third, Joffrey and the Queen Regent must renounce all claim to dominion of the north. From this time to the end of time, we are a free and independent kingdom.
Northern Lords and Theon Greyjoy: The King in the North!
Robb Stark: Neither Joffrey nor any of his men shall ever set foot in our lands again. If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father...only I won't need a servant to do my beheading for me!
Alton Lannister: [stammering] Your Grace...these are...
Robb Stark: These are my terms! If the Queen Regent and her son meet them, I'll give them peace. If not, I will litter the south with Lannister dead!
Alton Lannister: King Joffrey is a Baratheon, Your Grace.
Robb Stark: Is he?

Dialog #70
Varys: (rises and bows) My Lord. (Tyrion stares at him warily)
Shae: You make me wait a long time- but your friend (indicates Varys) keeps me company!
Varys: We were just speaking of your bravery, in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces. (smiles impishly)
Tyrion Lannister:...It was quite a battle. (crosses the room to pour himself wine)
Varys: I heard you suffered a terrible head wound. The Northerners are such fearsome warriors.
Shae: And, I tell him the story of how we meet. (Tyrion turns around quickly)
Varys: To find so lovely a creature, working in your father's kitchens. (Shae giggles, Varys smiles at Tyrion) It almost beggers belief.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles back) Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie.
Shae: I don't think Lord Varys likes fish pie.
Varys: How can you tell?
Shae: (chuckles) I can always tell. (Varys smiles)
Tyrion Lannister: Men like Lord Varys and I can't let our disadvantages get the best of us. We'll make a fisherman of him yet. (drinks)
Varys: I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the Capitol. Friends are such an important part of life. (raises his eyebrows at Tyrion) Unfortunate that your father didn't want her to come- but rest easy, my Lord. (lowers his voice conspiratorially) I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends. (grins)
Tyrion Lannister: Your discretion is legendary... where your friends are concerned.
Varys: (rises, turns to Shae) How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest. I will leave you. (kisses her hand) Welcome to King's Landing, my dear- the city is made brighter by your presence (Shae smiles, Varys heads towards the door) We have a Council meeting, my Lord? (Tyrion heads for the door as well, while Shae heads for the next room)
Tyrion Lannister: (barring Varys' way out) I don't like threats.
Varys: (feigning ignorance) Who threatened you?
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not Ned Stark, I understand the way this game is played.
Varys: Ned Stark was a man of honour-
Tyrion Lannister: And I am not. Threaten me again and I'll have you thrown into the sea!
Varys: (now barring Tyrion's way out) You might be disappointed in the results. The storms come and go, the big fish eat the little fish and I... keep on paddling. (moves his hand away) Come, my Lord- we shouldn't keep the Queen waiting.

Dialog #71
Davos Seaworth: You'll have your gold when we take the treasury at King's Landing.
Sallador Saan: All these kings, fighting for the throne, and Stannis is the one with the smallest army! Why would I bet on the man with the worst chance?
Davos Seaworth: Because you're a smart gambler. Stannis has proved himself in war, twice. His baby brother has never set foot on a battlefield; neither has the false King, Joffrey.
Sallador Saan: And yet, they both have larger armies.
Davos Seaworth: Stannis has just begun to fight. His bannermen will flock to his cause. (pause) There's no man in the Seven Kingdoms more honorable than Stannis Baratheon- or more worthy of loyalty.
Sallador Saan: What is the world coming to when smugglers must vouch for the honor of kings? (gestures jokingly at Davos)
Mathos Seaworth: (offended) Mind your words, pirate!
Davos Seaworth: Mathos!
Sallador Saan: (scoffs) You think I'm insulted? I am a pirate- I'm an excellent pirate! (chuckles) I don't sail for promises.
Davos Seaworth: Of course you do. Every time you leave harbor, you're leavin' on a promise- a promise that somewhere on the sea, somebody's got some gold, and you can take it from them.
Sallador Saan: That's a promise that always comes true.
Davos Seaworth: As is mine. You're not a young man, Sallador; and correct me if I'm wrong, but most pirates don't grow old.
Sallador Saan: (grins ruefully) Only the clever ones.
Davos Seaworth: If you want to spend your last years on the seas stealing from Pentoshi cheese-mongers and Meereenese silk merchants, then go on- they're out there, waiting for you! That's easy. What I'm offering you is hard. (pause, Sallador looks at him thoughtfully) Come with me and plunder the greatest city in Westeros. You'll be the richest man in Lys and the most famous. They'll be singing songs about you as long as men have voices to sing.
Salladhor Saan: ...Sallador Saan is a good name for songs.
Davos Seaworth: It is.
Sallador Saan: One thing; I want the Queen.
Davos Seaworth: The Queen?
Salladhor Saan: Cersei. I want her. I'll sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we don't drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I'll fuck this blond queen and I'll fuck her well.
Mathos Seaworth: (angrily) This war isn't about you. We're not attacking King's Landing so that you can rape the Queen!
Salladhor Saan: I'm not going to rape her, I'm going to fuck her.
Mathos Seaworth: As if she would just let you.
Salladhor Saan: You don't know how persuasive I am. I never tried to fuck you. (gives Mathos a suggestive look; Mathos recoils, and Sallador laughs)
Matthos Seaworth: (angrily) Stannis is the rightful King and the Lord of Light!
Salladhor Saan: (rolls his eyes) I've been all over the world, my boy, and everywhere I go people tell me about the true god. They all think they found the right one. The one﻿ true God is what's between a woman's legs, and better yet a Queen's legs. (Matthos walks away, Sallador turns to Davos) I never thought you'd have a true believer for a son.
Davos Seaworth: Ah, he's young yet. I promise you the gold. I promise you the glory. I cannot promise you the Queen.
Salladhor Saan: You believe your king can win?
Davos Seaworth: He is the one, true king.
Salladhor Saan: (shakes his head ruefully) You Westerosi are funny people. A man chops off your fingers and you fall in love with him! (they both laugh, pause) I'll sail with you, Davos Seaworth. You're the most honest smuggler I ever met. Make me rich.
Davos Seaworth: Get me to the gates of King's Landing, and I will. (they shake hands)

Dialog #72
Narrator: (One of Daenerys's bloodriders has just returned, beheaded)
Ser Jorah Mormont: You have no need to see this.
Daenerys Targaryen: He is blood of my blood. Who did this?
Ser Jorah Mormont: Khal Pono, perhaps. Khal Jhaqo. They don't like the idea of a woman leading a khalasar.
Daenerys Targaryen: They will like it far less when I am done with them.

Dialog #73
Janos Slynt: (after Podrick Payne accidentally spills wine on his hand) Dammit, boy!
Podrick Payne: Apologies, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: Leave us, Podrick- I believe we know how to pour our own wine. (Podrick leaves)
Janos Slynt: That your new squire? I Could've found you a proper lad...
Tyrion Lannister: Myself, I prefer the improper ones. (they chuckle, then drink)
Janos Slynt: Mmm- that's a good red. Dornish?
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) You know your wines, my Lord!
Janos Slynt: (smiles) That I do. (looks over the table) a fine dinner, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) Call me Tyrion, please. I'm sure you're getting used to fine dinners, now that you're a Lord.
Janos Slynt: Maybe I'll hire this cook of yours.
Tyrion Lannister: (jokingly) Wars have been started for less! (Janos laughs and drinks again, Tyrion smiles, watching him carefully) I heard there was some trouble in Littlefinger's brothel, the other night.
Janos Slynt: (sets down his wine cup, nods) Nasty business- had to be done.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, of course- the City Watch must keep the peace. (Janos nods) Only- I hadn't realized peace depended on killing babies.
Janos Slynt: (looks at him suspiciously) Orders are orders.
Tyrion Lannister: Quite right- especially the Queen's orders. (laughs half-heartedly)
Janos Slynt: (smiles coldly) I never said they were the Queen's orders.
Tyrion Lannister: No, but- who else would want to murder King Robert's bastards? She's always been a jealous woman
Janos Slynt: (clearly looking to change the subject) You know your sister better than I do.
Tyrion Lannister: You've heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister-
Janos Slynt: I don't listen to filth.
Tyrion Lannister: Well- that's good of you, but you have heard them. (with underlying sarcasm) I suppose people who do believe that filth consider Robert's bastards to be better claimants to the Throne than Cersei's children!
Janos Slynt: (impatiently) Joffrey is my King, the rest doesn't interest me.
Tyrion Lannister: I appreciate your loyalty. (Janos nods and drinks; Tyrion's smile suddenly vanishes) Tell me, when your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?
Janos Slynt: (visibly impatient that Tyrion will not drop the subject) I did, and I would again. The man was a traitor, he tried to buy my loyalty!
Tyrion Lannister: The fool...he had no idea you were already bought!
Janos Slynt: (angry) Are you drunk?! I'll not have my honour questioned by an imp!
Tyrion Lannister: (chuckles) I'm not questioning your honour, Lord Janos...I'm denying its existence!
Janos Slynt: (stands up, furious) If you think I'll stand here and take this from you, dwarf-
Tyrion Lannister: (sharply) "Dwarf"? You should've stopped at "Imp"! And, yes, you will stand here and take it from me- unless you'd like to take it from my friend here! (Janos looks to his right and sees Bronn standing there, grinning) I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and since you betrayed the last Hand of the King- well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.
Janos Slynt: What are you- my friends at court will not allow this! The Queen herself-
Tyrion Lannister: The Queen Regent! And you're a fool to believe she is your friend.
Janos Slynt: (menacingly) We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this!-
Tyrion Lannister: No, we shan't. (nods to Bronn, who nods to four Gold-Cloaks marching into the room.) There's a ship leaving for Eastwatch-by-the-Sea tonight. From there, it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall- I found it surprisingly beautiful- in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way. (smiles)
Bronn: (smugly) The lads will escort you- the streets aren't safe at night, my Lord. (Janos looks from him to Tyrion to the Gold-Cloaks in disbelief and rage)
Janos Slynt: These men are under my command! (Bronn rolls his eyes) I command you to arrest this cutthroat!
Tyrion Lannister: His name is Bronn- and he is the new Commander of the City Watch.
Bronn: Boys? (nods to the Gold-Cloaks, who step forward and grab Janos' arms, marching him out of the room)
Janos Slynt: (struggling as he is dragged out) I have friends at court- powerful friends! The King himself made me a Lord- (As the Watch leave with Janos, Bronn sits down in his vacated chair and accepts a cup of wine from Tyrion)
Tyrion Lannister: To the new Commander. (they toast and drink) If I told you to murder an infant girl- say, still at her mother's breast- would you do it, without question?
Bronn: Without question? No. (pause) I'd ask how much. (Tyrion stares at him uneasily)

Dialog #74
Cersei Lannister: Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch. You had no right to exile him-!
Tyrion Lannister: I have every right! I am the King's Hand!
Cersei Lannister: You're serving as the King's Hand until Father gets here. I am the Queen Regent!
Tyrion Lannister: Listen to me, Queen Regent, you're losing the people. Do you hear me?!
Cersei Lannister: [sneers] The people? You think I care?!
Tyrion Lannister: You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead. Half this city will starve when winter comes, the other half will plot to overthrow you...and your gold-plated thugs just gave them their rallying cry; "The Queen slaughters babies!" [Cersei remains silent] You don't even have the decency to deny it! [realises] It wasn't you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didn't even tell you? [Another uncomfortable pause] Did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse.
Cersei Lannister: He did what needed to be done! You want to be Hand of the King?! You want to rule?! This is what ruling is; lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root, one by one, before they strangle you in your sleep!
Tyrion Lannister: I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling than that.
Cersei Lannister: [furious] I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK! You've never taken it seriously; you haven't, Jaime hasn't. It's all fallen on me.
Tyrion Lannister: As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon. [A pause, and then Cersei giggles]
Cersei Lannister: You're funny. You've always been funny...but none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? Do you remember, back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death?
Tyrion Lannister: [angry and hurt] She was my mother too.
Cersei Lannister: Mother gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that.

Dialog #75
Bran: Every night it's the same: I'm walking, running, but I'm not me. I'm running through the Godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when I've made a fresh kill, howling. Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves.
Maester Luwin: That's exactly what they were, Bran: stories.
Bran: So she was lying? They don't exist?
Maester Luwin: Well, they may have done, but they're gone from the world along with much else. These are dreams, Bran, nothing more.
Bran: No. My dreams are different. Mine are true. I dreamt of my father dying and Rickon had the same dream.
Maester Luwin: What about all the dreams you had that didn't come true? [removes a link from his chain] This link is made of Valyrian steel. Only one Maester in a hundred wears it on his chain. It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries, and all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells. I was not different. I was young and what boy doesn't secretly wish for special powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one, but in the end, for all of my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me. Come on. [tucks Bran back to bed] Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world, but not anymore; the dragons are gone, the giants are dead, and the children of the forest forgotten.

Dialog #76
Loras Tyrell: Has your son marched against Tywin Lannister yet?
Catelyn Stark: I do not sit on my son's war councils, and if I did, I would not share his strategies with you.
Loras Tyrell: If Robb Stark wants a pact with us, he should come himself, not hide behind his mother's skirts!
Catelyn Stark: My son is fighting a war, not playing at one! (The Baratheon/Tyrell soldiers fall silent, stunned at this insult, but Renly merely laughs)
Renly Baratheon: (comes down from his dais and approaches Catelyn) Don't worry, my Lady- our war is only beginning.

Dialog #77
Balon Greyjoy: What are our words? [Theon hesitates] Our words?
Theon Greyjoy: "We Do Not Sow"
Balon Greyjoy: "We Do Not Sow". We are Ironborn. We're not subjects, we're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mines. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak.
Theon Greyjoy: You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away if you remember. The day you bend the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you. Did you take what was yours then?[Balon slaps Theon] You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore. And now you curse me because I've come home.

Dialog #78
Cersei Lannister: You monster! Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I will let you sell her like a common whore!?
Tyrion Lannister: Myrcella is a princess! Some would say she was born for this!
Cersei Lannister: I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon!
Tyrion Lannister: Dorne is the safest place for her.
Cersei Lannister: Are you mad? The Martells loathe us!
Tyrion Lannister: That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started!
Cersei Lannister: She'll be a hostage.
Tyrion Lannister: A guest.
Cersei Lannister: You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper father gave you keeps you safe? Ned Stark had a piece of paper too.
Narrator: [Tyrion briefly half-smiles but then looks at his sister with a serious face.]
Tyrion Lannister: It's done, Cersei.
Cersei Lannister: No.
Tyrion Lannister: You cannot stop it!
Cersei Lannister: [Breaks glass] No!
Tyrion Lannister: Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if the city falls? Do you want to see her raped and butchered like the Targaryen children?! Make no mistake, they will mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours.
Cersei Lannister: Get out! [Pushes Tyrion back onto the stairs] Get out!
Narrator: [Tyrion leaves, Cersei just sits on a chair and hangs her in sorrow.]

Dialog #79
Varys: (after Tyrion has poured them wine) You'll be pleased to know that our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansa's service. (drinks)
Tyrion: (distractedly) Good- one of my better ideas. (drinks)
Varys: And, it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? (Tyrion shrugs, Varys smiles) Well played, my Lord Hand. But-should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle...the Small Council grows smaller every day.
Tyrion Lannister: The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly. I don't mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave.
Varys: Power is a curious thing, my lord. Are you fond of riddles?
Tyrion Lannister: Why, am I about to hear one?
Varys: Three great men sit in a room; a king, a priest and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies?
Tyrion Lannister: ...Depends on the sellsword.
Varys: Does it? He has neither crown, nor gold, nor the favour of the gods.
Tyrion Lannister: He has a sword, the power of life and death.
Varys: But if it's swordsmen who rule... why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
Tyrion Lannister: (frowns) I've decided I don't like riddles.
Varys: Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall, and... a very small man can cast a very large shadow. (they both smile and drink)

Dialog #80
Roose Bolton: (pleased) Five Lannisters dead, for every one of ours. (they pass men looting the corpses) We've nowhere to keep these prisoners- we have barely enough food to feed our own-
Robb Stark: We're not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton.
Roose Bolton: Of course, Your Grace. (pause) The officers will be useful- some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannister's plans.
Robb Stark: I doubt it.
Roose Bolton: Well, we'll learn soon enough. In my family, we say: "A naked man has few secrets, a flayed man none."
Robb Stark: (sharply) My father outlawed flaying in the North.
Roose Bolton: (impatient) We're not in the North-
Robb Stark: (stops) We're not torturing them! (Roose stops and stares at him)
Roose Bolton: The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a hard time marching your army down it.
Robb Stark: The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own. (pause) I won't give them an excuse to abuse my sisters.

Dialog #81
Robb Stark: What's your name?
Talisa Maegyr: Talisa.
Robb Stark: Your last name?
Talisa Maegyr: (smirks) You want to know what side my family fights on?
Robb Stark: You know my family name; you have me at a disadvantage-
Talisa Maegyr: (angrily) That boy lost his foot on your orders.
Robb Stark: They killed my father-
Talisa Maegyr: That boy did?
Robb Stark: The family he fights for.
Talisa Maegyr: Do you think he's friends with King Joffrey? (pause) He's a fisherman's son that grew up near Lannisport; he probably never even held a spear before they shoved one in his hands a few months ago!
Robb Stark: (defensively) I have no hatred for the lad! (Talisa packs up her medical kit and stands up)
Talisa Maegyr: (sarcastically) That should help his foot grow back. (she walks away, Robb pauses, then follows her)
Robb Stark: You'd have us surrender- end all this bloodshed. I understand. The country would be at peace. (sarcastically) And life would be just under the righteous hand of good King Joffrey.
Talisa Maegyr: (washing her hands) You going to kill Joffrey?
Robb Stark: If the Gods give me strength.
Talisa Maegyr: And then what?
Robb Stark: I don't know. We'll go back to Winterfell. (Talisa stares at him) I have no desire to sit the Iron Throne.
Talisa Maegyr: So who will?
Robb Stark: I don't know.
Talisa Maegyr: You're fighting to overthrow a King, and yet you have no plan for what comes after?
Robb Stark: First we have to win the war. (Talisa gets onto a cart as it rolls away) You gonna tell me where you're from?
Talisa Maegyr: Volantis.
Robb Stark: Volantis? You're far from home. (pause) The boy was lucky you were here.
Talisa Maegyr: He was unlucky that you were.

Dialog #82
Narrator: [Tyrion storms in on Joffrey publicly tormenting Sansa, entering as Joffrey tries to have her stripped naked]
Tyrion Lannister: [furious] What is the meaning of this?! What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?!
Meryn Trant: The kind who serves his king, Imp!
Bronn: Careful now, we don't want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak!
Tyrion Lannister: Someone get the girl something to cover herself with. [Sandor Clegane gives Sansa his cloak] She's to be your Queen. Have you no regard for her honour?!
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm punishing her!
Tyrion Lannister: For what crimes?! She did not fight her brother's battle, you halfwit!
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't talk to me like that! The king can do as he likes! (storms back to his throne and sits down, petulantly)
Tyrion Lannister: The Mad King did as he liked. Has your uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
Meryn Trant: No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard! (reaches for his sword)
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not threatening the king, ser. I'm educating my nephew. Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him. (Trant looks hastily at Bronn, who grins at him) That was a threat. See the difference?! (he goes over to Sansa and offers her his hand; after hesitating, Sansa takes it cautiously and gets up, allowing Tyrion to lead her out of the Throne Room. Joffrey stands up angrily, but does nothing) I apologize for my nephew's behavior. Tell me the truth: do you want an end to this engagement?
Sansa Stark: (in a flat tone) I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love. (lets go of Tyrion's hand and walks on, her head held high)
Tyrion Lannister:(stares after her admiringly)...Lady Stark. You may survive us yet.

Dialog #83
Stannis Baratheon: Lady Stark- I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands.
Catelyn Stark: I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis.
Renly Baratheon: Can that truly be you?
Stannis Baratheon: Who else might it be?
Renly Baratheon: When I saw your standard, I couldn't be sure. Whose banner is that?
Stannis Baratheon: My own.
Renly Baratheon: I suppose if we use the same one, the battle will be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire?
Melisandre: The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.
Renly Baratheon: [grins] Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about. Ah brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age!
Stannis Baratheon: Watch yourself, Renly!
Renly Baratheon: No, no, I'm relieved. I never really believed you were a fanatic; charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man.
Melisandre: You should kneel before your brother. He is the Lord's Chosen, born amidst salt and smoke.
Renly Baratheon: 'Born amidst salt and smoke'? Is he a ham?
Stannis Baratheon: That's twice I've warned you.
Catelyn Stark: Listen to yourselves! If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber together until you remember you're brothers.
Stannis Baratheon: It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my claim; Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me?!
Catelyn Stark: We share a common enemy --
Stannis Baratheon: The Iron Throne is mine by right. All those who deny that are my foes.
Renly Baratheon: The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall. Old men deny it with their death rattles and unborn children deny it in their mothers' wombs. No one wants you for their king. You never wanted any friends, brother, but a man without friends is a man without power.
Stannis Baratheon: For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn and I will grant you your old seat on the Council. I'll even name you my heir, until a son is born to me. Otherwise I shall destroy you.
Renly Baratheon: [motions to his vast army] Look across those fields, brother. Can you see all those banners?
Stannis Baratheon: You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?!
Renly Baratheon: No. The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king!
Stannis Baratheon: We shall see, Renly. Come the dawn, we shall see! [Stannis and his retinue turn to leave]
Melisandre: Look to your sins, Lord Renly. The night is dark and full of terrors.
Renly Baratheon: [to his retinue] Would you believe? I loved him once.

Dialog #84
Renly Baratheon:(sees Littlefinger in his war-camp and laughs mockingly) Well- if it isn't my favorite whoremonger! I pray I haven't kept you waiting long. (walks past Baelish with Brienne of Tarth and his bodyguards, into his tent)
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish:...Your Grace. (follows Renly in)
Renly Baratheon: (sits down) Now, you do the Lannisters bidding- is that it? Tell me, was my brother's body even cold before you secured your newest patron?
Petyr Baelish:...I'm a practical man.
Renly Baratheon: (glares at him)...Just not a loyal one.
Petyr Baelish: And who would you have me be loyal to- your brother's corpse?
Renly Baratheon: (smiles coldly, stands up and walks towards Littlfinger) I don't like you, Lord Baelish. I don't like your face, I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth- I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary. So, tell me- why are you here? (Littlefinger glances at Brienne, who glares back at him) You can trust Brienne- her loyalty comes without charge. (walks back to his desk, pulls an apple from a fruit-bowl)
Petyr Baelish:...You still have many friends at court, Your Grace...Many who believe Ned Stark erred by not supporting your claim.
Renly Baratheon: (frowns, then turns back to Littlefinger with a smug smile)...Now I understand. You know I have the numbers; you know I'm marching on King's Landing. When I take the Throne, you hope to retain your position...and your head.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) I would give priority to my head. I understand that you don't like me- and while that saddens me greatly, I did not come here today seeking your affection. (pause) When you march on King's Landing, you may find yourself facing a protracted siege- or, open gates. (Renly stares at him)

Dialog #85
Petyr Baelish: Your Grace!
Margaery Tyrell: (walks past him without looking at him) Lord Baelish. (Littlefinger falls into step beside her)
Petyr Baelish: All these tents look the same to me. Would you be so kind-
Margaery Tyrell: (smiles) It would be my pleasure. It took me weeks to learn my way around the camp- twice, I walked in on officers in stages of undress. And, the moment I learn which tent is mine, we're on the move again.
Petyr Baelish: (glances at her) "Your" tent? Not "our" tent? The King snores, perhaps, or... simply prefers solitude? Pressures of command, no doubt- four Kings, vying for the Throne.
Margaery Tyrell: I am not tutored in warfare, but... basic arithmetic favors the side with the greater numbers.
Petyr Baelish: If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world. (Margaery smiles) I did notice your brother entering His Grace's tent, just now.
Margaery Tyrell: (shrugs) The place of the Kingsguard is by the King's side.
Petyr Baelish: And... on the night of your wedding? Who was by the King's side then?
Margaery Tyrell: (smiles, still not looking at him) You seem quite interested in our marriage.
Petyr Baelish: Your marriage is quite interesting. Not only to me, but... to the Realm. The marriage of a wealthy girl always breeds interest... if nothing else. (Margaery finally meets his eyes)
Margaery Tyrell:...You've never married, have you? (Littlfinger is caught off-guard for a moment)
Petyr Baelish: I've been...unlucky in my affections, sadly.
Margaery Tyrell: (smiles) That is sad- though, perhaps it's for the best. The whole notion of marriage seems to confuse you. So, allow me to explain: my husband is my King, and my King is my husband. (pause) Here is your tent, Lord Baelish. Good night. (she walks on, Baelish bows to her)

Dialog #86
Daenerys Targaryen: Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.
Trader of Spices: Then perhaps you should return to where you come from. We wish you well. [walks away]
Daenerys Targaryen: What are you doing? You promised to receive me!
Trader of Spices: We have received you. Here we are, and here you are.
Daenerys Targaryen: If you do not let us in, all of us will die.
Trader of Spices: Which we shall deeply regret, but Qarth did not become the greatest city that ever was or will be by letting Dothraki savages through its gates.
Ser Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi, please be careful.
Daenerys Targaryen: [enraged] Thirteen, when my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me! We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground! Turn us away, and we will burn you first.

Dialog #87
Narrator: [Tywin Lannister has just arrived at Harrenhal]
Tywin Lannister: What's this?
Gregor Clegane: We weren't expecting you till tomorrow, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: [chuckles] Evidently not. Why are these prisoners not in their cells?
Gregor Clegane: Cells are overflowing, my Lord.
Polliver: This lot won't be here long. Don't need no permanent place. After we interrogate 'em we usually just -- [gestures towards the heads on spikes]
Tywin Lannister: Are we so well-manned that we can afford to discard able young bodies and skilled laborers? [Polliver doesn't answer and Tywin turns to Gendry] You, do you have a trade?
Gendry: Smith, my Lord.
Polliver: [sees Arya staring] What are you looking at? Kneel! Kneel or I'll carve your lungs out, boy.
Tywin Lannister: You'll do no such thing. This one's a girl...you idiot! Dressed as a boy. Why?
Arya: Safer to travel, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: Smart. More than I can say for this lot. Get these prisoners to work. Bring the girl. I need a new cupbearer.

Dialog #88
Lancel Lannister: I am a Knight!
Tyrion Lannister: An anointed Knight, yes. Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? [Lancel is dumbstruck] What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, Ser?
Lancel Lannister: You will withdraw these filthy accusations-
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out you have been bedding his mother?
Lancel Lannister: [goes pale] It's not my fault!
Tyrion Lannister: Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, Knight?
Lancel Lannister: Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the King's squire, he told me to obey her in everything!
Tyrion Lannister: Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
Lancel Lannister: I only meant, I did as I was bid. I --
Tyrion Lannister: Hated every moment of it, is that what you'll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sister's legs spreading open for you at night! Oh yes, it must have been terrible! Wait here, His Grace will want to hear this. [Tyrion heads to the door]
Lancel Lannister: [terrified] Mercy! Mercy, my Lord! I beg you!
Tyrion Lannister: Save it for Joffrey; he loves a good grovel!!
Lancel Lannister: My Lord, it was your sister's bidding, the Queen! I'll leave the city at once, I swear.
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think not.
Lancel Lannister: My Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: You heard me. My father told you to obey my sister. Obey her. Stay close to her side. Keep her trust. Pleasure her whenever she requires. No one ever need know as long as you keep faith with me. I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything and you will tell me.
Lancel Lannister: Yes, my lord, I will. I swear it as you command.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh rise, rise. Let us drink to our understanding. Oh, you don't have a cup. Oh, well. Smile, cousin. My sister is a beautiful woman. And it's all for the good of the realm. Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that henceforth I shall do nothing without her consent.
Lancel Lannister: But, her demands...
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'll give her Pycelle.
Lancel Lannister: [surprised] You will?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I'll release him in the morning. Cersei can keep him as a pet if she wants, but I will not have him on the council. I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true.

Dialog #89
Davos Seaworth: (arrives at the forecastle of Stannis' flagship) Your Grace?
Stannis Baratheon: (looks at the pouch around Davos' neck) Do your knucklebones bring you luck, Ser Davos?
Davos Seaworth: (wryly) Well, life's been good since you hacked 'em off, Your Grace. And, it's four less fingernails to clean.
Stannis Baratheon: "Fewer".
Davos Seaworth: Pardon?
Stannis Baratheon: For fewer fingernails to clean. (pause) I never understood why you had to wear them.
Davos Seaworth: Reminds me where I come from, and where I am now. It reminds me of your justice. (humorously) It was an honest punishment, and you were good with the cleaver!
Stannis Baratheon: You were a hero, and a smuggler. (pause, smiles slightly) A good act does not wash out the bad... nor a bad the good.
Davos Seaworth: A lesson I tried to teach my son.
Stannis Baratheon: Does he listen?
Davos Seaworth: To me? Gods, no. But if your Red Woman told him to leap from the crow's nest-
Stannis Baratheon: (impatiently) She has a name. (pause) I trust you've not forgotten your smuggler's tricks?
Davos Seaworth: (looks at him sharply) I've lived within the law for seventeen y-
Stannis Baratheon: I want you to be a smuggler this time.
Davos Seaworth: Any shore, any night. What am I bringin' ashore?
Stannis Baratheon: The "Red Woman". (Davos looks startled) No one must know what you do- and we'll not speak of this again.
Davos Seaworth: I- I am true to Your Grace, and always will be. But, surely there are other ways- cleaner ways-
Stannis Baratheon: Cleaner ways don't win wars. (pause, Davos nods reluctantly and walks away)

Dialog #90
Margaery Tyrell: We need to go home. (Loras doesn't answer, staring at Renly Baratheon I's body with an expression of grief) Loras!
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: (enters) My Lord, my Lady-
Loras Tyrell: Get out.
Petyr Baelish: Stannis will be here in an hour- when he arrives, Renly's bannermen will flock to him. (Margaery looks from him to Loras) Your former companions will fight for the privilege of selling you to their new King- (Loras stands up suddenly and comes at Baelish with his sword drawn)
Loras Tyrell: (enraged) And you want that privilege for yourself?! (holds the sword an inch from Littlefinger's face, but Baelish doesn't blink an eye)
Petyr Baelish: You will note that I am standing here, talking to you, not Stannis.
Margaery Tyrell: (shoves Loras back, forces his sword-arm down) There's no time for this!
Loras Tyrell: (angrily) Ride back to Highgarden, sister. (shoves past them) I'm not running from Stannis!
Margaery Tyrell: Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly-
Loras Tyrell: I don't believe that- you don't believe that. (Margaery stares at him, Loras looks down at Renly's body again) Who gained the most from our King's death?!
Petyr Baelish: Stannis-
Loras Tyrell: I will put a SWORD through his righteous face! (storms around the room)
Margaery Tyrell: (urgently) We can't stay here! (Loras, not listening to her, kneels next to Renly's right side)
Loras Tyrell:...He would have been a true King. A good King.
Petyr Baelish: ...Tell me, Ser Loras. What do you desire, most in this world?
Loras Tyrell: (quietly)...Revenge.
Petyr Baelish: I have always found that to be the purest of motivations- but, you won't have a chance to put your sword through Stannis... not today. You'll be cut to pieces before he even sets foot on solid ground- if it is justice that you want, be smart about it.
Margaery Tyrell: (nods in agreement, still staring urgently at her brother) You can't avenge him from the grave. Bring the horses. (she goes over to Loras and strokes his hair) Please... (Loras gets up slowly, picks up his weapons and leaves the tent; Baelish watches Margaery as she stares calmly at Renly's corpse, then slowly approaches her) He was very handsome.
Petyr Baelish: He was, Your Grace.
Margaery Tyrell: "Your Grace". (pause) Calling yourself King doesn't make you one. If Renly wasn't a King, I wasn't a Queen.
Petyr Baelish:...Do you want to be a Queen?
Margaery Tyrell: No. (pause) I want to be the Queen. (stares at Baelish, who smiles at her)

Dialog #91
Stannis Baratheon: What is it?
Davos Seaworth: I'm sorry about your brother, Your Grace. I wanted to let you know people grieve for him.
Stannis Baratheon: Fools love a fool. I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.
Davos Seaworth: I need to speak to you about what I saw in that cave...
Stannis Baratheon: I made it clear to you there'd be no need to speak of this matter! I've never known you to need to hear a thing twice.
Davos Seaworth: And I've never known you hide from the truth.
Stannis Baratheon: You come to lecture me on truth?!
Davos Seaworth: I've come to tell you what I saw-!
Stannis Baratheon: All my brother's bannermen have come to my side, except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards. They won't be able to resist us now. Soon, I'll be sitting on the Iron Throne.
Davos Seaworth: Nothing is worth what this will cost you, not even the Iron-!
Stannis Baratheon: I'll hear no more about it. [pause]
Davos Seaworth: When do we sail for King's Landing?
Stannis Baratheon: As soon as I've consolidated my troops. We'll make short work of the Lannisters' fleet; once Blackwater Bay is cleared, we'll deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city.
Davos Seaworth: And will you bring Lady Melisandre with you?
Stannis Baratheon: That's not your concern.
Davos Seaworth: If you take King's Landing with her by your side, the victory will be hers.
Stannis Baratheon: I never thought I'd have reason to doubt your loyalty. Was I wrong?
Davos Seaworth: Loyal service means telling hard truths.
Stannis Baratheon: [snorts] Oh, truth again. Alright, what's the truth? The hard truth.
Davos Seaworth: She's a foreigner, preaching a foreign religion. Some believe she whispers orders in your ear and you obey.
Stannis Baratheon: What do you believe?
Davos Seaworth: You won those bannermen from Renly. Don't lose them to her. [pause]
Stannis Baratheon: We'll set out for King's Landing without Lady Melisandre [Davos nods]. And you'll lead the fleet into Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, I'm honoured but my time on the sea was spent evading ships, not attacking them. The other lords won't be happy.
Stannis Baratheon: Most of those lords should consider themselves lucky I don't hang them for treason. Hard truths cut both ways, Ser Davos.

Dialog #92
Qhorin Halfhand: There.
Jeor Mormont: Where?
Qhorin Halfhand: There- on that mountain.
Samwell Tarly: I don't see very well.
Jon Snow: It's a fire.
Qhorin Halfhand: (glances at him and nods) There's a fire- and the people sitting 'round it have better eyes than yours or mine. When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal- gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor.
Jeor Mormont: How many Wildlings have joined him?
Qhorin Halfhand: From what we can tell- all of them. Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves. They're almost ready to make their move.
Jon Snow: Where?
Qhorin Halfhand: Somewhere safe- somewhere south. We can't just march into their midst- and we can't wait for them either, we've nothing but a pile of stones to protect us.
Jeor Mormont: You saying we should fall back to the Wall?
Qhorin Halfhand: Mance was one of us, once- now, he's one of them. He's gonna teach them our way of doing things. They'll hit us in force- and they won't run away when we hit back. They're going to be more organized than before- more disciplined. More like us. (turns to Mormont) So we need to be more like them- do things their way. Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall. And, to do that-
Jeor Mormont: We need to get rid of those lookouts.
Qhorin Halfhand: It's not a job for four hundred men. I need to move fast- and silent. Harker, Stosmeck, Barber! (three veteran Watchmen come forward)
Jon Snow: Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin.
Qhorin Halfhand: (glances at him) I've been called lots of things- but that might be my first "Lord Qhorin" (the veterans laugh)
Jeor Mormont: You're a Steward, Snow, not a Ranger.
Jon Snow: I've fought and killed a Wight- how many Rangers can say that?
Qhorin Halfhand: (looks at Jon with interest) He's the one?
Jeor Mormont: (looks at Jon and nods) Aye- killed a Wight. You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword. (the veterans laugh again)
Qhorin Halfhand: Craster? Well, in the boy's defense, that's a tough old goat.
Samwell Tarly: (steps forward) I could take up Jon's duties while he's gone, M'Lord. It'd be no trouble. (Mormont glances to Qhorin, who shrugs and nods)
Jeor Mormont: (glances at Jon)...I hope you make a better Ranger than you do a Steward. Go on.

Dialog #93
Reginald Lannister: The Starks have over-extended their lines. Now that summer's over, they'll have a hard time keeping their men and horses fed.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) The Starks understand winter better than we ever will- the cold won't beat them.
Armory Lorch: Our spies report growing discontent among the Northern lords; they want to return home, and gather the harvest before the crops turn. (Arya brings food to the table)
Tywin Lannister: And I'm sure that if those same spies snuck into our own encampments, they would report growing discontent amongst the Southern lords. This is war- no one's content! We've underestimated the Stark boy for too long. He has a good head for warfare, his men worship him- and as long as he keeps winning battles, they'll keep believing he is King in the North! (stares angrily at his generals) You've been waiting for him to fail; he is not going to fail. Not without our help. (Arya listens from across the room) So how do we stop him?
Reginald Lannister: We've worked through the night, my Lord. Perhaps we'd profit from some sleep.
Tywin Lannister: (coldly, contemptuously) Yes, I think you would, Reginald. And, because you're my cousin, I might even let you wake from that sleep! (the other lords look away nervously) Go! I'm sure your wife must miss you.
Reginald Lannister: (confused) My wife's in Lannisport.
Tywin Lannister: Well, then you'd better start riding. (pause) Go, before I change my mind and send her your head! (Reginald gets up) If your name wasn't Lannister, you'd be scrubbing out pots in the cook's tent. Go! (Reginald leaves; Arya brings a flagon to the table) Not wine, water- we'll be here for some time. (Arya nods and starts to walk away, Tywin watches her) Girl... where are you from?
Arya Stark: (turns around) Maidenpool, My Lord.
Tywin Lannister: And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me.
Arya Stark: House Mooton, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: And what is their sigil? (pause, Arya glances away, unable to remember) A red salmon. I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that. (Arya looks down) You're a Northerner, aren't you? (Arya nods) Good. One more time, where are you from?
Arya Stark: (confidently) Barrowton, my Lord. House Dustin. Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown.
Tywin Lannister: (nods) And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?
Arya Stark: (pause, smiles) They call him 'The Young Wolf'.
Tywin Lannister: And...?
Arya Stark: They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. (pause) They say he can't be killed.
Tywin Lannister: (smiles) And do you believe them?
Arya Stark: [Frowning] No, my lord. (pause) Anyone can be killed. (she and Tywin both stare at one another)
Tywin Lannister: Fetch that water.

Dialog #94
Brienne of Tarth: Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, My Lady?
Catelyn Stark: You mean to kill Stannis.
Brienne of Tarth: I swore a vow.
Catelyn Stark: But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.
Brienne of Tarth: I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.
Catelyn Stark: Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.
Brienne of Tarth: I only held him that once as he was dying.
Catelyn Stark: He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.
Brienne of Tarth: I do not know your son, My Lady, but I could serve you if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.
Catelyn Stark: When the time comes, I will not hold you back.
Brienne of Tarth: [offers her sword to Catelyn] Then I am yours, My Lady. I will shield your back and will give my life for yours if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.
Catelyn Stark: [takes Brienne's hand] I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table, and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.

Dialog #95
Joffrey Baratheon: [shouting at his guards while outnumbered by rioting peasants] What are you doing?! I want these people executed!
Sandor Clegane: And they want the same for you!

Dialog #96
Narrator: [After barely escaping an angry mob]
Joffrey Baratheon: Traitors! I'll have all their heads!
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, you blind, bloody fool!
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't insult me!
Tyrion Lannister: We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!
Joffrey Baratheon: Y-you can't-
Tyrion Lannister: I can, I am!
Joffrey Baratheon: They attacked me!
Tyrion Lannister: They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all?! They're starving, you fool! All because of the war you started!
Joffrey Baratheon: You're talking to a king!
Tyrion Lannister: [slaps Joffrey] And now I've struck a king! Did my hand fall from my wrist? [to Meryn Trant] Where is the Stark girl?
Joffrey Baratheon: Let them have her!
Tyrion Lannister: If she dies, you'll never get your uncle Jaime back! You owe him quite a bit, you know.

Dialog #97
Narrator: [Theon and Dagmer barge in, waking Bran from his sleep.]
Theon Greyjoy: I've taken your castle!
Bran Stark: Theon!?
Theon Greyjoy: It's Prince Theon now. Get up! You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.
Bran Stark: Why?
Theon Greyjoy: To take the castle.
Bran Stark: You went with Robb.
Theon Greyjoy: And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?
Bran Stark: I don't know.
Theon Greyjoy: [To Dagmer] Find the halfwit. [To Bran] My men are bringing your people into the courtyard.
Bran Stark: Why?
Theon Greyjoy: So you and I can go down and tell them how you've yielded Winterfell to me.
Bran Stark: I won't!
Theon Greyjoy: Yes you will!
Narrator: [Bran hoists himself up.]
Bran Stark: I won't! I'll never yield. I'll fight you and throw you out.
Narrator: [Theon sits on the edge of Bran's bed and clears his throat.]
Theon Greyjoy: The castle is mine but these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe. To keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say.
Narrator: [Theon stands up and heads back out of Bran's room.]
Bran Stark: Theon. [Theon turns back to Bran.] Did you hate us the whole time?

Dialog #98
Spice King: Look what a beauty you are now that the Red Waste has been washed of you. I am sorry about all that unpleasantness. The silver hair of a true Targaryen. Xaro Xhoan Doxas, she is far too lovely for a glorified dock worker like yourself.
Xaro Xhoan Doxas: Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather sold pepper on the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher-born than himself.
Spice King: Every lady alive was lovelier and higher-born than my grandfather. [Daenaerys clears her throat] Did my servants not offer you anything to eat? To drink? I shall have them flogged in the square-
Daenerys Targaryen: Thank you my lord, you are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want.
Spice King: Ah, she has a talent for drama this one. So my little princess, what is it you want?
Daenerys Targaryen: My birthright; the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
Spice King:I fear I'm no better than a servant in this regard; I cannot give you what I do not have
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not asking you for the Kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships. I need to cross the Narrow Sea
Spice King: I need my ships as well. I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another-
Daenerys Targaryen: Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne.
Spice King: Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen: My father sat there before he was murdered.
Spice King: If you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correcter to say 'take' the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen: I did not come here to argue grammar.
Spice King: Of course not. You came to take my ships. So let me explain my position little princess. Unlike you, I do not have exulted ancestors. I make my living by trade and I judge every trade on its merits. You ask for ships. You say I will be repaid triple. I do not doubt your honesty or intentions, but before you repay your debts your must seize the Seven Kingdoms. Do you have an army?
Daenerys Targaryen: Not yet.
Spice King: You do not have an army. Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?
Daenerys Targaryen: There are many there who support my claim.
Spice King: When were you there last?
Daenerys Targaryen: I left when I was a baby.
Spice King: So in truth you have no allies.
Daenerys Targaryen: The people will rise to fight for their rightful Queen when I return.
Spice King: Ah. Forgive me little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams!

Dialog #99
Narrator: [two Ironborn march a bloodied Ser Rodrik Cassel into Winterfell]
Black Lorren: Caught this one coming back from Torrhen's Square. He cut down two of ours before I got his sword. (Ser Rodrik glares at Theon in pure rage)
Theon Greyjoy: Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes.
Rodrik Cassel: (contemptuously) It grieves me you've less honor than a back-alley whore. You were raised here, under this roof! These people are your people!
Theon Greyjoy: They are not my people!
Rodrik Cassel: King Robb thought of you as a brother! (Theon looks guilty, but defiant)
Theon Greyjoy: My brothers are dead! They died fighting Stark men! Men like you!
Rodrik Cassel: (sneers) Aye, they died fighting a war your father started! Lord Stark raised you among his own sons-
Theon Greyjoy: Among them, but not one of them! I was his hostage! Taken from my home!
Rodrik Cassel: If he were alive to see this...
Theon Greyjoy: He's not! He's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war, and Winterfell is mine.
Rodrik Cassel: (contemptuously) I should've put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand.
Theon Greyjoy: You've served this House faithfully, old man. But keep talking, and I'll- (Ser Rodrik spits in Theon's face, the Ironborn beat him and force him to his knees.) Take him to the cells! Lock him up-
Dagmer Cleftjaw: My Prince! You cannot let that stand, he must pay!
Theon Greyjoy: I'll lock him in a cell until he rots-
Dagmer Cleftjaw: No. He has to pay the Iron Price. (Theon looks shocked) They'll never respect you, while he lives. (Theon looks down at Ser Rodrik, who continues to glare savagely at him)
Theon Greyjoy: (glances to the frightened Stark boys and Maester Luwin, then back to Ser Rodrik) Ser Rodrik! I sentence you to death!
Brandon Stark: No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded!
Theon Greyjoy: The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut! (Maester Luwin comes up to him and puts a hand on Theon's shoulder)
Maester Luwin: I urge you not to make a hasty decision.
Theon Greyjoy: He disrespected me in front of my men! That was his decision, not mine!
Maester Luwin: He's worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think on what you do.
Narrator: [Theon glances from him to Dagmer, who shakes his head.]
Theon Greyjoy: You'll address me as Prince Theon, or you'll be next. (Luwin sadly lets go of Theon's shoulder)
Dagmer Cleftjaw: Come!
Narrator: [The Ironborn drag Rodrik across the courtyard to the block as the crowd protests.]
Brandon Stark: No!
Rickon Stark: No!
Brandon Stark: Theon! Please! Rodrik! Please stop, please!
Rodrik Cassel: (staring at Theon hatefully) He who passes the sentence should swing the sword!
Brandon Stark: I'm begging you!
Rodrik Cassel: Coward!
Narrator: [Theon pauses, then nods to the Ironborn, who force Rodrik to kneel; Theon motions Dagmer back and draws his sword]
Brandon Stark: (half sobbing) STOP! Stop right now!
Theon Greyjoy: (holds his sword over Rodrik's neck) You don't give commands anymore, little Lord!
Brandon Stark: Please stop!
Rodrik Cassel: Hush now, child. (smiles gently at Bran) I'm off to see your father.
Brandon Stark: You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come to them, please!
Theon Greyjoy: Any last words, old man?
Rodrik Cassel: (looks up at him for a moment) Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now, you are truly lost.
Brandon Stark: Please don't! I'll do anything! Please!
Rickon Stark: No, please stop it!
Narrator: [Theon swings his sword but fumbles the task of executing Rodrik with just one blow. It takes him three more swords strikes and a kick to finally behead Rodrik. Bran is still heard wailing as Theon nervously looks in all directions as the rain pours down on him.]

Dialog #100
Tywin Lannister: Can you read?
Amory Lorch: My Lord? (Arya brings a jug to the table, Tywin holds out his arm to stop her)
Tywin Lannister:(angrily) Can- you- read? (pause) This letter, detailing our infantry movements, was meant for Lord Daemon of House Marbrand. It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormund.
Amory Lorch: My apologies, my Lord, I must have missed-
Tywin Lannister: Girl, fetch me "The History of the Greater and Lesser Houses". It's the one on the s- (he notices that Arya has already found the book and is bringing it over) My cupbearer can read better than you.(stands up and opens the book in front of Lorch, turning to a page) To whom does House Dormund owe allegiance?
Amory Lorch: (stares at the page)...My Lord, I-
Tywin Lannister: TO THE STARKS OF WINTERFELL! Who have twenty thousand men and my son! (Arya, pouring wine, watches) I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants- I see I overestimated you. (slams the book shut) If you ever put my son's life at risk again, I'll- (clenches his jaw) Leave us. (Lorch walks out) Put the book away, girl. (Arya comes forward and picks it up) Maybe you should devise our next battle plan, while you're about it. (Arya smiles, carries the book across the room)
Lannister guard: (enters) Lord Petyr Baelish! (Arya's face turns frightened, though she hides it)
Tywin Lannister: Hmm. (to his generals) Give us the room. (they leave, he notices Arya dawldling in the corner) Clear all this! (gestures to the table as Littlefinger enters)
Petyr Baelish: Lord Tywin! (bows)
Tywin Lannister: Baelish. (he and Baelish both seat themselves as Arya hastily clears the table) Wine?
Petyr Baelish: Thank you. (fearfully, Arya comes across to the table with goblets and the wine-jug)
Tywin Lannister: What news from the Capitol?
Petyr Baelish:...I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheon's camp.
Tywin Lannister: Ah. The late King Renly. (snorts) Rather a short reign- murdered by a woman, I hear. (Arya fills Baelish's cup)
Petyr Baelish: So they say. There has been talk of...other forces, at work. Dark forces. (smiles and drinks)
Tywin Lannister: (notices Arya passing by him and hands her his cup to fill) Here. (turns back to Baelish) Heh- men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel. (takes his full cup from Arya)
Petyr Baelish: It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it. Yes, a crisis is an opportunity- what other brilliant insights have you brought me today?
Petyr Baelish: After the Lannisters and the Starks, the Tyrells command the largest host- their lands are the most fertile in the Seven Kingdoms. Feeding, horses, and soldiers...
Tywin Lannister: (rolls his eyes impatiently) Yes, yes, yes...
Petyr Baelish: The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving Kings. Loras wants revenge; he blames Stannis for Renly's death. And Margaery-
Tywin Lannister: (nods) Wants to be Queen.
Petyr Baelish: (shrugs and smiles) Yes she does. (drinks)
Tywin Lannister:...House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne- against my grandson.
Petyr Baelish: They did. And, perhaps that treason should be punished- one day. After Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated. (Arya listens as she puts away items)
Tywin Lannister:...More wine for Lord Baelish. (As Arya walks quickly around the table to get the wine-jug, Littlefinger seems to notice her for the first time; he watches her for a moment)
Petyr Baelish: If you would allow me to represent your family's interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement-
Tywin Lannister: The Tyrell host has returned to Highgarden.
Petyr Baelish: They have- (Arya accidentally spills wine on his hand and gasps in terror)
Arya Stark: Pardon, my Lord. (she hastily wipes up the spill; Tywin smiles amusedly)
Petyr Baelish: (reassuringly) It's only wine. (he notices her familiar face and looks at her more closely)
Tywin Lannister: You would ride there yourself?
Petyr Baelish: (looks away from Arya)...Tonight, with your leave.
Tywin Lannister: And have an answer by nightfall. That'll be all, girl. (Arya takes the jug and walks away from them; Littlefinger watches her again) What else?
Petyr Baelish: On your son Tyrion's directive, I met with Catelyn Stark.
Tywin Lannister: Why?
Petyr Baelish: He had an interesting proposal for her... concerning her daughters.

Dialog #101
Tywin Lannister: (comes up behind Arya as she is clearing the table, notices her glancing at a letter mentioning Robb Stark) Who taught you to read?
Arya Stark: (hastily) My father, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: H'm. (picks up a letter from the table) I taught my son Jaime to read. The maester came to me one day, and told me he wasn't learning- couldn't make sense of the letters. Reversed them in his head. The Maester said he'd heard tell of this affliction, and that we simply must accept it- hah! (puts the letter back on the table) After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day, until he learned. (Arya stares at him) He hated me for it, for a time- for a long time. But he learned. (pause, Arya keeps clearing the table) Where is your father? Is he alive? (Arya pauses, shakes her head sadly) Who was he?
Arya Stark: A... stonemason.
Tywin Lannister: (surprised) A stonemason who could read? Hmm...
Arya Stark: He taught himself.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, impressed) Quite a man. What killed him?
Arya Stark: (pause) Loyalty.
Tywin Lannister: (pause, smiles slightly at her) You're a sharp little thing, aren't you? (starts to turn away)
Arya Stark: Is... (Tywin turns back towards her) Forgive me, my Lord- I shouldn't ask questions. (starts clearing the table again)
Tywin Lannister: No- but you've already begun. (looks at her expectantly)
Arya Stark: ...Did you know your father, my Lord?
Tywin Lannister: (nods) I did. I grew up with him. (walks over to a chair facing the window, sits) I watched him grow old. (pause) He loved us; he was a good man (Arya steals the letter mentioning Robb Stark)...but a weak man. A weak man, who nearly destroyed our house and name. (pause) I'm cold.
Arya Stark: I'll fetch more wood for the fire, my Lord. (Tywin nods, she leaves)

Dialog #102
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn, of the blood of Old Valyria and I will take what is mine, with fire and blood!

Dialog #103
Narrator: [Robb Stark learns that Theon Greyjoy has betrayed him and seized Winterfell]
Robb Stark: This cannot be true.
Lord Roose Bolton: We've had ravens from White Harbour, Barrowtown and the Dreadfort, my lord. I'm afraid it is true.
Robb Stark: Why? Why would Theon-?
Roose Bolton: Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.
Robb Stark: My brothers?
Roose Bolton: We've heard nothing of them...but Rodrik Cassell is dead.
Catelyn Stark: [angry] I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!
Robb Stark: I must go north at once.
Roose Bolton: There's still a war to win, Your Grace-!
Robb Stark: How can I call myself 'King' if I can't hold my own castle?! How can I ask men to follow me if-?!
Roose Bolton: You are a king! And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.
Catelyn Stark: Let me go and talk to Theon-
Robb Stark: There will be no talk, he will die for this!
Roose Bolton: Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard son at the Dreadfort; he can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run; if you march all the way back north now, you lose what you gained. My boy would be honoured to bring you Prince Theon's head.
Robb Stark: Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon...I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him 'Why?'...and then I will take his head myself!

Dialog #104
Ygritte: (mocking Jon about his sexual repression) I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you don't use them. 'Course, maybe that's just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them- as if I'd feel sorry for them. (pause) Are there no girl Crows?
Jon Snow: There are no women of the Night's Watch, no.
Ygritte: So the lads just do it with each other?
Jon Snow: (impatiently) No.
Ygritte: (amazed) Never?
Jon Snow: Never- we swore an oath.
Ygritte: Do you have sheep at the Wall? (gives Jon an incredulous glance, Jon doesn't bother to reply) With your hands, then- no wonder you're all so miserable.
Jon Snow: (grabs her rope and spins her around) Would you please shut up?
Ygritte: (mockingly) "Would you please shut up?" (angrily) You think you're better than me, Crow- I'm a free woman-
Jon Snow: (nods to the ropes binding her) Oh, you're a free woman?
Ygritte: Well, I might be your prisoner, but I'm a free woman!
Jon Snow: If you're my prisoner you're not a free woman- that's what prisoner means!
Ygritte: And you think you're free? You swore some stupid oath, and now you can never touch a girl?
Jon Snow: It was my choice to say the words.
Ygritte: So you don't like girls?
Jon Snow: 'Course I like girls!
Ygritte: But you promised never to touch them?!
Jon Snow: That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch!
Ygritte: (sarcastically) So, instead of getting naked with a girl, you prefer to invade our lands and-
Jon Snow: Invade your lands?! (steps close to her angrily) Wildlings raid our lands all the time- some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy!
Ygritte: (equally angry) They're not your lands! We've been here all the time! You lot just came along and put up a big Wall and said it was yours!
Jon Snow: My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Man- my ancestors lived here, same as yours!
Ygritte:...So why are you fightin' us? (Jon has no answer)

Dialog #105
Ser Jorah Mormont: I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.
Daenerys Targaryen: These people?
Ser Jorah Mormont: They are not to be trusted.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one: my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it would have gotten him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
Ser Jorah Mormont: Your people are in Westeros.
Daenerys Targaryen: The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive!
Ser Jorah Mormont: They will soon enough.
Daenerys Targaryen: And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he's a fool.
Ser Jorah Mormont: You are not your brother. Trust me, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: There it is: trust me. And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.
Ser Jorah Mormont: You are too young to be so–
Daenerys Targaryen: And you are too familiar!
Ser Jorah Mormont: Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.
Daenerys Targaryen: Find my dragons.

Dialog #106
Robb Stark: (on Cersei Lannister's response to his terms) And what did she say?
Alton Lannister: She... admired your spirit, Your Grace.
Robb Stark: And what then?
Alton Lannister: (visibly nervous) She...erm...
Robb Stark: If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, we'd all hang.
Alton Lannister:...She tore the paper in half, Your Grace.
Robb Stark: You've acted with honor. I thank you for it. Lord Karstark, see that Ser Alton's pen is clean, and give him a hot supper.
Rickard Karstark: Ser Alton's pen is occupied, Your Grace. The prisoners from the Yellow Fork.
Roose Bolton: Too many prisoners.
Robb Stark: Is there room for Ser Alton
Rickard Karstark: (sarcastically) Does he need to lie down?
Robb Stark: Have the men build him a new pen. Put him in with the Kingslayer for now- have your boy watch over them.

Dialog #107
Tywin Lannister: (sniffing a poison dart that he thinks was intended for him, as prisoners are interrogated outside the castle keep) Wolfsbane- a rare substance. (to Gregor Clegane) This is no common assassin.
Gregor Clegane: We hanged twenty men last night.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care if you hanged a hundred. A man tried to kill me- I want his name, and I want his head.
Gregor Clegane: We think it was an infiltrator, from the Brotherhood Without Banners. (Arya brings food and drink)
Tywin Lannister: A pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity; we look like fools, and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead- every one.
Gregor Clegane: Killing them isn't the problem. (glances at Arya, who is cutting up Tywin's food) It's finding them.
Tywin Lannister: You gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence. (Arya hides a kitchen knife) Burn the villages, burn the farms- let them know what it means to choose the wrong side. (Clegane leaves, Tywin turns to Arya) Is that mutton?
Arya Stark: Yes, my Lord.
Tywin Lannister: I don't like mutton.
Arya Stark:... I- I'll bring something else-
Tywin Lannister: Leave it. (walks over to the table) You hungry?
Arya Stark: (shakes her head quickly) No.
Tywin Lannister: Of course you are. (gestures to the dish of bread and mutton) Eat.
Arya Stark: I'll... eat in the kitchen, later.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) It's bad manners to refuse a Lord's offer. (walks around her, offers her a knife) Sit- eat. (Arya sits, takes the knife, and- after hesitating- starts eating, ravenously) You're small, for your age- I suppose you've been underfed your whole life.
Arya Stark: (with her mouth full) I eat a lot- I just don't grow.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, turns away to the window) H'm. This will be my last war- win, or loose.
Arya Stark:... Have you ever lost before?
Tywin Lannister: (gives her a sharp look over his shoulder) Do you think I'd be in my position if I'd lost a war? (he raises an eyebrow, Arya shakes her head and shrugs; Tywin turns back to the window) This is the one I'll be remembered for- the War of Five Kings, they're calling it. (Arya glances at the back of Tywin's neck; her grip on the knife tightens as she contemplates killing him) My legacy will be determined in the coming months (he turns around, Arya quickly relaxes her grip; the danger moment is passed) Do you know what legacy means? (Arya shakes her head) It's what you pass down to your children- and to your children's children. It's what remains of you, after you're gone. (gestures at the vast chamber around them) Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy. The greatest fortress ever built- the tallest towers, the strongest walls. (walks over to the shattered fireplace) The Great Hall had thirty-five hearths. Thirty- five, can you imagine? (pause) Look at it now- a blasted ruin. Do you know what happened?
Arya Stark: (smiles eagerly)...Dragons?
Tywin Lannister: (smiles ruefully at her) Yes... Dragons happened. (sits down across from her and pours himself a drink) Harrenhall was built to withstand an attack from the land. A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled. But, an attack from the air, with dragonfire- (shakes his head) Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls. Aegon Targaryen changed the rules- that's why every child alive knows his name, three hundred years after his death. (takes a drink)
Arya Stark: Aegon... and his sisters.
Tywin Lannister: (sets down his goblet) Hmm?
Arya Stark: It wasn't just Aegon riding his dragon. It was Raenys and Visenya, too.
Tywin Lannister: (looks at her curiously) Correct!....Student of history, are you?
Arya Stark: (not realizing she has nearly exposed her identity) Raenys rode Baraxis, Visenya rode Vaegar.
Tywin Lannister: (shrugs, takes a drink) I'm sure I knew that, when I was a boy.
Arya Stark: Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior. She had a Valyrian steel sword she called "Dark Sister".
Tywin Lannister: (smiles knowingly) Hmm- she's a heroine of yours, I take it? (pause) Aren't most girls more interested in the pretty maids in the songs- Jonquil, with flowers in their hair?
Arya Stark: (contemptuously) Most girls are idiots.
Tywin Lannister: (amused) Hah! You remind me of my daughter. (frowns at her curiously again, leans forward) Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?
Arya Stark: (realizing the danger, but secretly answering truthfully)... From my father.
Tywin Lannister: (raises an eyebrow skeptically) He was a well-read stone-mason...(shrugs, leans back and takes a drink) Can't say I've ever met a literate stone-mason.
Arya Stark:(sarcastically) ...Have you met many stone-masons, my Lord?
Narrator: Tywin ( lowers his cup, smiles coldly) ...Careful now, girl. I enjoy you, but be careful. (gestures at her half-empty plate of food) Take that back to the kitchen- eat what you want. (Arya nods, collects her dishes and starts toward the door) And girl- "Milord". (Arya turns and frowns at him, confused) Low-born girls say "Milord", not "my Lord". If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.
Arya Stark: (defiantly) My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my Lord. She taught me how to speak proper- properly.
Tywin Lannister: (smiles admiringly) You're too smart for your own good- has anyone told you that?
Arya Stark: (smiles) Yes.
Tywin Lannister: Go on. (Arya leaves, Tywin smiles to himself)

Dialog #108
Tyrion Lannister: It's just you, me and Joffrey, the "Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm".
Cersei Lannister: I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.
Tyrion Lannister: He needs to start acting like a king! This war you started is coming to our doorstep and if the entire city wants Joffrey dead...
Cersei Lannister: I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse!
Tyrion Lannister: I thought the girls might help him.
Cersei Lannister: Did you?!
Tyrion Lannister: I was wrong! If we can't control him–
Cersei Lannister: Do you think I haven't tried?! He doesn't listen to me!
Tyrion Lannister:[nodding] It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
Cersei Lannister: I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him, in a certain light.
Tyrion Lannister: The boy's more Robert than Jaime.
Cersei Lannister: Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes, I wonder–
Tyrion Lannister: What?
Cersei Lannister: If this is the price for what we've done. For our sins.
Tyrion Lannister: Sins? The Targaryens–
Cersei Lannister: Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. It's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the gods flip a coin."
Tyrion Lannister: [awkwardly] You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them.

Dialog #109
Jaime Lannister: Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. [looks at Brienne] Is that a woman?
Catelyn Stark: Do you hear them out there? They want your head.
Jaime Lannister: Well, old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.
Catelyn Stark: You strangled his son with your chains.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.
Catelyn Stark: You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.
Jaime Lannister: So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the King, obey the King, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the King? What if the King massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. [indicating Brienne] Where did you find this beast?
Catelyn Stark: She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: Kingslayer. And what a king he was! Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the second of his name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back!
Catelyn Stark: You are a man without honor.
Jaime Lannister: Do you know I've never been with any woman but Cersei? So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of the bastard he fathered?
Catelyn Stark: Brienne.
Jaime Lannister: No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now when- when good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.
Catelyn Stark: [to Brienne] Your sword.

Dialog #110
Theon Greyjoy: You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.
Yara Greyjoy: You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
Theon Greyjoy: I treated the Stark boys with honor and they repaid me with treachery.
Yara Greyjoy: You treated them with honor by butchering them?
Theon Greyjoy: Before I had to kill them, I treated them–
Yara Greyjoy: You seized their home, as is your right. We're Ironborn; we take what we need.
Theon Greyjoy: Exactly.
Yara Greyjoy: Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
Theon Greyjoy: They made me a promise–
Yara Greyjoy: Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
Theon Greyjoy: Don't call me a–
Yara Greyjoy: A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
Theon Greyjoy: If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
Yara Greyjoy: You are weak. And you're stupid.

Dialog #111
Roose Bolton: My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle-
Robb Stark: Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle-
Roose Bolton: He wouldn't dare hurt the boys! (pause) They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.
Robb Stark:...Send word to your son. Any Ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.
Roose Bolton:...A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much-
Robb Stark:Any Ironborn- with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause- he betrayed me. We will hunt him down, no matter where he runs.
Roose Bolton: I expect his countrymen will turn on him, the minute they hear the offer.

Dialog #112
Kevan Lannister: King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force- it's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the rest of the court to ride west to safety.
Tywin Lannister: (scornfully)...Surrender the Iron Throne?
Kevan Lannister: Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates! Stannis will execute them all-
Tywin Lannister: No. A King who runs will not be King for long. He's a Lannister- he'll stand and fight. (Kevan sighs impatiently) Stannis two days from the capitol, and the wolf at my dorstep-
Kevan Lannister: Our scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.
Tywin Lannister: Hah! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movements, he lured us into a trap! (stands up) Which is why my son is his prisoner. (walks to the fireplace as Arya pours Kevan wine) Too close to Casterly Rock.
Kevan Lannister: He sent a splinter force to capture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor- Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force!
Tywin Lannister: He's a boy, and he's never lost a battle! He'll risk anything, at any time- because he doesn't know enough to be afraid. (pause, comes over to the table) We'll ride at nightfall. (Arya looks up sharply) I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane- you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this Brotherhood- and destroy them. (moves around the table, looks at Arya) The girl's proven herself a good servant- she'll stay on with you. (to Arya) See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings- he's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work.

Dialog #113
Arya Stark: Where were you?!
Jaqen H'ghar: The man has patrol duty!
Arya Stark: Tywin Lannister was right here- and now, he's gone!
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl owes one more name- the Red God demands it. Give the man a name.
Arya Stark: (pause) How long, after I give you the name, does it take you to kill someone?
Jaqen H'ghar: (shrugs) A minute, an hour, a month (sits down) Death is certain... but time is not.
Arya Stark: He's taking his army to attack my brother- I need him dead right now!
Jaqen H'ghar: (shakes his head) This, a man cannot do.
Arya Stark: You promised you'd help me.
Jaqen H'ghar: Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.
Arya Stark: And you'll kill them? Anybody?
Jaqen H'ghar: By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.
Arya Stark: Alright. Jaqen H'ghar.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl gives a man his own name?
Arya Stark: That's right.
Jaqen H'ghar: Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.
Arya Stark: I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.
Jaqen H'ghar: Un-name me.
Arya Stark: No.
Jaqen H'ghar: Please?
Arya Stark: I'll unname you.
Jaqen H'ghar: Thank you.
Arya Stark: If you help me and my friends escape.
Jaqen H'ghar: This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.
Arya Stark: Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl lacks honor. [Arya shrugs] If I do this thing, a girl must obey.
Arya Stark: A girl will obey.
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight.

Dialog #114
Ygritte: How long 'till we get back to your Crows?
Jon Snow: We're close.
Ygritte: What- a day? A half-day? (pause) You don't know, do you? (smirks) D'you even know where they are?
Jon Snow: (firmly) We're close.
Ygritte: ('turns around to look at him, walking backwards) What d'you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?
Jon Snow: Nothing happened between you and me-
Ygritte: ( mockingly, as Jon gets increasingly angry) "I swear it, old Crow, ser, we were only close together for warmth! And then, I felt it, right up against me backside like a clope- I could show you the bruise on me tailbone! And, before I knew what was where, his-his- well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like, and I didn't want to want it, but- oh! I did! And he spread me legs and- ruined! The shame of it! Now, I can never marry a perfumed Lord- what would me poor, savage father say?"
Jon Snow: Turn back around-
Ygritte: "And I thought that we were done, but he said, 'turn back around'" (Jon stops walking, glaring at her) I'll tell you what, Jon Snow- since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing- you may as well just... (grins at him)
Jon Snow: (scornfully) What, right here in the muck?
Ygritte: (laughs) Oh, I'll keep you warm enough. (she moves to undo her cloak, and Jon yanks on her rope to stop her) Are you that afraid of it?
Jon Snow: That's enough.
Ygritte: Oh, it's nice... and wet... and warm- (she starts walking towards him, subtly wrapping the loose rope around her wrists)
Jon Snow: Enough!
Ygritte:It don't have teeth- (she comes very close, Jon half-draws Longclaw and she steps back hastily) All right! All right- Gods, you're dull. (Jon moves his hand off Longclaw, and Ygritte suddenly yanks the rope taut, knocking Jon off his feet and pulling the rope from his hands. As Jon gets to his feet and draws Longclaw, she runs off, dissappearing around an icy outcrop. Jon runs after her and finds the end of her rope- cut. He hears a whistle and sees Ygritte grinning at him from a nearby rock; several Wildlings emerge from cover, surrounding Jon)...Should've took me while you had the chance.

Dialog #115
Davos Seaworth: I understand why the older families look down at me.
Stannis Baratheon: Do you? Why?
Davos Seaworth: My father was a crabber.
Stannis Baratheon: And?
Davos Seaworth: Sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers; our hands stink.
Stannis Baratheon: And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?!
Davos Seaworth: Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
Stannis Baratheon: You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
Davos Seaworth: Some are happy to do it to my face.
Stannis Baratheon: [angry] We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes, the glorious rebels. Marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King while I held Storm's End with 500 men.
Davos Seaworth: No one's forgotten, your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life!
Davos Seaworth: He was only a boy.
Stannis Baratheon: Then why give him Storm's End? [pause] First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine. The horses, then the cats-I've never liked cats, so fine. I do like dogs - good animals, loyal - but we ate them too. Then the rats... The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines, slipped right through in your little black sail boat with your onions...
Davos Seaworth: And some potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
Stannis Baratheon: Every man at Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
Davos Seaworth: [smiles] I was relieved they did not.
Stannis Baratheon: Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up because Robert was my older brother and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I am the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you will be my Hand.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace...[he kneels] I pray I serve you well.
Stannis Baratheon: I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.

Dialog #116
Cersei Lannister: [quiet and angry] Do you think I'm an idiot?!
Tyrion Lannister: I'd say you possess above average intelligence...
Cersei Lannister: You shipped off my only daughter. Now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
Tyrion Lannister: He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him, he has the finest armour gold can buy; he needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their King fighting beside them, instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts.
Cersei Lannister: Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
Tyrion Lannister: Because he has thousands of spies in his employ? Because he knows everything we do before we do it?
Cersei Lannister: Because he doesn't have a cock.
Tyrion Lannister: Neither do you.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking for you.
Tyrion Lannister: It's not that little. [Cersei laughes humourlessly] Why are you laughing?
Cersei Lannister: Because I'm happy!
Tyrion Lannister: [suspicious] And why are you happy?
Cersei Lannister: Because I have your little whore.
Tyrion Lannister: [disconcerted, then sarcastic] I thought you preferred blondes.
Cersei Lannister: Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good, Father will be so pleased!
Tyrion Lannister: Why do you care who I fuck?
Cersei Lannister: Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed–
Tyrion Lannister: This is madness. Stannis will be here in days, you need me.
Cersei Lannister: For what?! Your skill in battle?! Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body; the bruises will heal in time...
Tyrion Lannister: Where did you find her?
Cersei Lannister: Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
Tyrion Lannister:[Realizes she has Ros, not Shae] You've forgotten the most important thing about whores...
Cersei Lannister: Oh? Well, you're the expert, tell me.
Tyrion Lannister: You don't buy them, you only rent them.
Cersei Lannister: You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much... [mocking] Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough... unless Joffrey is hurt, and then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could advise a more painful death for your little cunt.
Tyrion Lannister: [struggling to hold back his anger] And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
Cersei Lannister: You'd like to see her? I thought you might. [to the guard] Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore. [Two Kingsguard knights drag in a beaten Ros]
Tyrion Lannister: [to Ros] I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave. I promise, I will free you.
Ros: Don't forget me.
Tyrion Lannister: Never. [the knights drag her out. Tyrion turns to face a grinning Cersei] I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth... and you will know the debt is paid. [Cersei's grin falters]
Cersei: Get out.

Dialog #117
Joffrey Baratheon: You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
Varys: No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, My Lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyojoy captured Winterfell.
Joffrey Baratheon: The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
Tyrion Lannister: To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
Joffrey Baratheon: If my uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
Tyrion Lannister: A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
Joffrey Baratheon: They say Stannis never smiles. [unsheathes his dagger] I'll give him a red smile, from ear to ear.
Narrator: (Joffrey walks away, Tyrion and Varys look at each other in amusement)
Tyrion Lannister: Imagine Stannis's terror.
Varys: (deadpan) I am trying. (they observe the fortifications)
Tyrion Lannister: You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
Varys: Oh, no-one disputes that, my Lord... not even the multitudes who despise you.
Tyrion Lannister: (deadpan) I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
Varys: ( glances at him, equally deadpan) I wish we could, too. (pause, Tyrion stares at him)
Tyrion Lannister: What do you want? (Varys looks him in the eye) Tell me.
Varys: If we're going to play, you'll have to start. (Tyrion shrugs, they both walk over to the edge of the battlements)
Tyrion Lannister: My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became Queen at the age of nineteen. When I reached manhood... my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.
Varys: A most high-born plumber.
Tyrion Lannister: The water never flowed better, and all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power, so when my father named me acting Hand-
Varys: You're quite good at being Hand, you know. Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men- honorable men- but they disdained the Game and those who played. You... enjoy the Game.
Tyrion Lannister: I do. Last thing I expected.
Varys: And you play it well.
Tyrion: I'd like to keep playing it. (they both look out over Blackwater Bay) But if Stannis breaches the gates, the Game is over.
Varys: They say he burns his enemies alive, to honor the Lord of Light.
Tyrion Lannister: The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
Varys: In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with sixteen teats.
Tyrion Lannister: We should sail there immediately. (Varys looks around, then leans close to Tyrion)
Varys: This morning, I heard a song- all the way from Qarth, beyond the Red Waste. (Tyrion glances at him) Daenerys Targaryen lives.
Tyrion Lannister: A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.
Varys: She has three dragons... but, even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown... and then there will be nowhere to hide.
Tyrion Lannister: One Game at a time, my friend.

Dialog #118
Ser Jorah Mormont: Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.
Daenerys Targaryen: Astapor?
Ser Jorah Mormont: We cannot stay here.
Daenerys Targaryen: They have my dragons! A mother does not flee without her children.
Ser Jorah Mormont: They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons, and I know you love them, but you did not grow them in your womb. They did not suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi, and if we stay in Qarth we'll die.
Daenerys Targaryen: You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there. [turns and walks away]
Ser Jorah Mormont: You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you. To serve.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then serve me! If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.
Ser Jorah Mormont: That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself! If you enter that place you will never leave again. His magic is strong.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn, and what did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
Ser Jorah Mormont: Until my last breath I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face.
Daenerys Targaryen: [strokes Jorah's face] They are my children, and they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.

Dialog #119
Narrator: [As they approach King's Landing]
Matthos Seaworth: You're coming home
Davos Seasworth: King's Landing hasn't been home for 20 years. I spent most of my life dodging the Royal Fleet. And now I'm sailing right at them.
Matthos Seasworth: This is the Royal Fleet. And you're not a smuggler anymore, you're the High Captain.
Davos Seasworth: Of course there are several Royal Fleets at the moment.
Matthos Seasworth: Not after tonight. When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand.
Davos Seasworth: Gods be good.
Matthos Seasworth: God. Father, there is only one and he watches over us.
Davos Seasworth: But not over them?
Matthos Seasworth: Over all of us. The people of King's Landing did not choose the false King Joffrey Baratheon. They will be glad to see his head on a spike.
Davos Seasworth: Well, first we have to put it there.
Matthos Seasworth: Our ships outnumber theirs ten to one. Our army outnumber theirs five to one.
Davos Seasworth: Those walls have never been breached. And the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they don't see a liberator. They see a stranger come to set their city on fire.
Matthos Seasworth: I have faith in the Lord of Light. I have faith in our cause. And I have faith in my captain.

Dialog #120
Varys: (staring out of the window of the Tower of the Hand, listening to the bells tolling in alarm) I have always hated the bells. They ring for horror- a dead king, a city under siege-
Tyrion Lannister: (being fitted into his armor by Podrick Payne) A wedding?
Varys: Exactly... Podrick, is that it?
Tyrion Lannister: (mockingly) "Is that it?" Nice touch. As if you don't know the name of every boy in town.
Varys: I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting...
Tyrion Lannister: (grins) I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.
Varys: Do you trust him? (Pod looks at Tyrion nervously, then goes back to his work)
Tyrion Lannister: (glances at Pod) Oddly enough, I do.
Varys: Good. (comes over, spreads a map of the King's Landing underground on the table) The map you asked for.
Tyrion Lannkster: (studies it) There must be twenty miles of tunnels beneath this city.
Varys: Closer to fifty. The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege... and to provide escape, if necessary. (looks inquiringly at Tyrion)
Tyrion Lannister: (shortly) I'm not escaping. Strange as it sounds, I'm the captain of this ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with it.
Varys: (smiles and nods) That is good to hear- though I'm sure many captains say the same, while their ship is afloat. (Podrick finishes buckling on Tyrion's arm-guards) You look well-suited for battle, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I'm not.
Varys: (grimly)...For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong. (Tyrion looks at him) My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a Red Priestess from Asshai.
Tyrion Lannister: What of it?
Varys: You don't believe in the old powers, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting? What do you think?
Varys: (pause) I think you believe in what you see... and in what those you trust have seen. (smiles) You probably don't entirely trust me-
Tyrion Lannister: Well, don't take it personally- I don't entirely trust myself.
Varys: (softly)... And yet, I have seen things, and heard things. Things you have not, things... I wish I had not. (Tyrion stares at him for a moment; for the first time ever, Varys seems frightened)... I don't believe I've ever told you how I was cut. (Podrick gives him a frightened look)
Tyrion Lannister: No, I don't believe you have.
Varys: (pause) One day, I will. (pause) The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies, and paved his path to our door. For a man, in service to such powers, to sit on the Iron Throne- I can think of nothing worse. And, tonight... I believe you are the only man who can stop him. (Tyrion frowns thoughtfully, then grasps the battleaxe offered to him by Pod)

Dialog #121
Lancel Lannister: Where's our fleet?!
Tyrion Lannister: On their way.
Joffrey Baratheon: Why isn't it here now?! They're coming! [Tyrion ignores him] Hound, tell the Hand that his King has asked him a question.
Sandor Clegane: (sighs) The King has asked you a question.
Tyrion Lannister: Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the King that the Hand is extremely busy.
Lancel Lannister: [to Sandor] The Hand would like me to tell you, to tell the King–
Joffrey Baratheon: If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, he'll do it without a second thought.
Tyrion Lannister: That would make me the "Quarter Man"; just doesn't have the same ring to it. Cut me in half and I won't be able to give the signal. No signal, no plan. No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere. It might be quite amusing, except my head would be up there too! I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.

Dialog #122
Stannos Baratheon: (after Tyrion has obliterated a large portion of his fleet with a massive wildfire explosion) Prepare to land! (moves to the forecastle of his ship)
1st Baratheon soldier: (stunned) Your Grace? The wildfire-
Stannis Baratheon: The dwarf has played his little trick- he can only play it once. (pulls off his cloak, stands at the rail, ready to land and attack)
2nd Baratheon soldier: We're too far from the gates. The fire- their archers- hundreds will die!
Stannis Baratheon: (grimly) Thousands. (to his men) COME WITH ME AND TAKE THIS CITY! (his men cheer)

Dialog #123
Sandor Clegane: (having withdrawn from the battle due to his extreme fear of fire) Someone bring me a drink! (a pageboy hands him a waterskin; he drinks, then spits it out) Fuck the water! Bring me wine! (grabs a flask from a soldier and guzzles from it, walking away from the gate)
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
Sandor Clegane: Eat shit, Dwarf.
Tyrion Lannister: You're on the wrong side of the wall!
Sandor Clegane: I lost half of my men. (fearfully) The Blackwater's on fire.
Joffrey Baratheon: (hysterical with rage and fear) Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight!
Tyrion Lannister: You're Kingsguard, Clegane. We must beat them back, or they're going to take this city- your King's city!
Sandor Clegane:...Fuck the Kingsguard... Fuck the city... Fuck the King. (walks away)

Dialog #124
Tyrion Lannister: [quietly, to himself] I'll lead the attack. [rallying his troops] I'll lead the attack! Pod, my helmet. Ser Mandon, you will bear the King's banner. Men, form up! Men! Men! They say I'm half a man, but what does that make the lot of you?!
Lannister Soldier: The only way out is through the gates, and they're at the gates!
Tyrion Lannister: There's another way out; I'm going to show you. We'll come out behind them and fuck them in their arses! [the men laugh] Don't fight for your king and don't fight for his kingdoms! Don't fight for honour, don't fight for glory, don't fight for riches, because you won't get any! This is your city Stannis means to sack, that's your gate he's ramming! If he gets in, it'll be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he'll rape. Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them! [the men cheer]

Dialog #125
Cersei Lannister: (believing the battle is lost) Shh. Calm, my sweet.
Tommen Baratheon: They're still fighting.
Cersei Lannister: No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub; they lived in the woods.
Tommen Baratheon: The Kingswood.
Cersei Lannister: Yes, my love. In the Kingswood lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much, but there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things.
Tommen Baratheon: Like what?
Cersei Lannister: Like stags.
Tommen Baratheon: Stags aren't evil. They only eat grass.
Cersei Lannister: And wolves. They could hear them crying in the night, and the cub was frightened. His mother said, you are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid, for one day all the beasts will bow to you. You will be king. All the stags will bow, all the wolves will bow, the bears in the north and the foxes of the south, all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea. They will all come to you, little lion, to rest a crown upon your head. And the cub said, will I be strong and fierce like my father? Yes, said his mother. You will be strong and fierce, just like your father. (takes out a bottle of poison) I will keep you safe, my love. (brings the poison to Tommen's lips) I promise you. (seconds before Tommen drinks the poison, Lannister and Tyrell soldiers burst into the throne room, along with Tywin Lannister and Loras Tyrell) Father! (drops the poison)
Tywin Lannister: The battle is over; We have won!

Dialog #126
Joffrey Baratheon: I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, First of My Name, the rightful king of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather Tywin Lannnister the savior of the city and the Hand of the King.
Tywin Lannister: Thank you, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward. For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time.
Petyr Baelish: You honor me beyond words, Your Grace. I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons.
Joffrey Baratheon: Ser Loras Tyrell. Your House has come to our aid. The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I. If your family would ask anything of me, ask it and it shall be yours.
Loras Tyrell: Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before... She remains innocent. I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our Houses.
Joffrey Baratheon: Is this what you want, Lady Margaery?
Margaery Tyrell: With all my heart, Your Grace. I have come to love you from afar. Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears. And those tales have taken root deep inside of me.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well, I too have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales, do not do you justice, My Lady. It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another. A King must keep his word.
Cersei Lannister: Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would neither be proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside.
Joffrey Baratheon: I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Your Grace, the Gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness. I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the Gods.
Joffrey Baratheon: The Gods are good. I am freed to heed my heart. Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister. [to Margaery] You will be my Queen and I will love you from this day until my last day.

Dialog #127
Ros: (applying makeup to her bruises) Make yourself comfortable. (Varys- concealed by a hooded cloak- enters and sits on the bed; Ros turns around) That doesn't look very comfortable. Here- watch me- (opens the front of her robe to expose her breasts)
Varys: (pulls his hood back and shakes his head) No need for that, my dear.
Ros: You sure? (smiles seductively) Most men like what they see.
Varys: I am not like most men.
Ros: That's what most men say. (Varys chuckles, Ros closes her robe and comes to sit next to him) If you don't want what most men want, then you'd better tell me what you'd like me to do.
Varys: I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all you hoped it would be. (Ros looks at him thoughtfully)
Ros: Have we met?
Varys: (raises an eyebrow) You wouldn't remember me, if we had?
Ros: (shrugs) I meet a lot of men.
Varys: And I think you remember all of them. I think your true talents are wasted on them.
Ros: (smiles) You're very kind, my Lord. Allow me to return the favor. (she reaches for his crotch. When she feels nothing, she hastily pulls her arm back and stands up, terrified)
Varys: (watching her) You're afraid. (pause) Why? Nothing dangerous down there.
Ros: (swallows)...I know who you are.
Varys: And?...Unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me. I don't abuse them to satisfy Royal whims, or force them to abuse each other.
Ros: How'd you know about that?
Varys: (smiles) I thought you said you knew who I was.
Ros: What can I do for you, Lord Varys? (Varys pats the bed next to him, and after a pause she sits down)
Varys: (lifts her chin gently with his finger) Littlefinger looks at you, and sees a collection of profitable holes. I see a potential partner.
Ros: I'm afraid of him.
Varys: (nods) Oh, you should be- he's a dangerous man. But everyone has their weaknesses. Your current employer hides his well... but not as well as he thinks.

Dialog #128
Stannis Baratheon: You said you saw my victory in the flames.
Melisandre: I did. I still see it.
Stannis Baratheon: The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage, trusting in a fire god! I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the Seventh Hell as their brothers burned alive and for what?! An attack from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells?! If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?!
Melisandre: The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses-!
Stannis Baratheon: You claim to speak for a god!
Melisandre: Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
Stannis Baratheon: You talk about war as if you understand it.
Melisandre: I've been fighting far longer than you.
Stannis Baratheon: Have you? Show me how you fight! [Stannis seizes Melisandre by the throat and starts throttling her] Show me! Where is your god now? Will he save you? [Melisandre stops struggling] Where is your god?!
Melisandre: Inside you. [stunned, Stannis releases her]
Stannis Baratheon: [horrified] I murdered my brother!
Melisandre: We murdered him. Share the weight with me.
Stannis Baratheon: He wasn't your brother.
Melisandre: This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear...and it will all be worth it, because you are the Son of Fire, you are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one; you will be king.

Dialog #129
Narrator: [A besieged Theon throws another log on the fire he has going while a horn once again bellows outside.]
Theon Greyjoy: I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall!
Maester Luwin: They want you to know you're surrounded.
Theon Greyjoy: I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.
Maester Luwin: They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before...
Theon Greyjoy: Thank you, wise bald man! Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me. [The horn blows again.] No word from my father?
Maester Luwin: No.
Theon Greyjoy: Send more ravens.
Maester Luwin: You killed all the ravens.
Theon Greyjoy: The first time I saw Winterfell...[Theon trails off as he hears the horn blow again.] The first time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years, and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. We never stood a chance against a man who lives here."
Maester Luwin: Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.
Theon Greyjoy: Yes I know my captors were so very kind to me, you love reminding me of that! Everybody in this frozen pile of shit has loved reminding me of that. [His voice begins to break.] You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father... [Theon begins to shed tears as the horn blows again.] I will kill that man! I swear to the Drowned God, the old gods, the new gods, TO EVERY FUCKING GOD IN EVERY FUCKING HEAVEN, I WILL KILL THAT MAN!
Maester Luwin: Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.
Theon Greyjoy: And what's your counsel, trusted friend?
Maester Luwin: Run. Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls, you have 20 men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.
Theon Greyjoy: There's nowhere to run. I'll never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'll be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family.
Maester Luwin: [In a gentle tone.] Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch. Once a man has taken the black, he is beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.
Theon Greyjoy: I won't make it to the wall. I won't make it ten feet past the Winterfell gates.
Maester Luwin: There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck... [He steps out in front of Theon.] The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there.
Theon Greyjoy: The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep!
Maester Luwin: The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.
Theon Greyjoy: I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.
Maester Luwin: I've known you for many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you are pretending to be. [Luwin puts his hand on Theon's shoulder.] Not yet.
Theon Greyjoy: You may be right. I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else.

Dialog #130
Narrator: [Osha carefully opens the door to the crypt of Winterfell with Bran, Rickon, and Hodor close behind her.]
Bran Stark: Osha! What are you doing?
Narrator: [They all enter the courtyard to find it littered with corpses and everything burned. Their ears prick up at the sound of Summer and Shaggydog whining as they stand in an archway leading outside to the unburnt Godswood, where Luwin lies dying from his wound. Rickon runs hastily towards him followed closely by Osha and Hodor, who is carrying Bran. Luwin opens his eyes and smiles happily at the Stark boys. In tears, Rickon lifts Luwin's robe and reveals his wound.]
Bran Stark: Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.
Rickon Stark: We'll make you better.
Maester Luwin: [Reassuringly] I feel just fine.
Bran Stark: [Angry] They burned it down. They burned everything.
Maester Luwin: Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes, pack as much food as you can carry, and go north.
Osha: North is the wrong way. Their mother and brother are south.
Maester Luwin: We don't know where. There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.
Bran Stark: [Softly] I don't want to leave you.
Narrator: [Bran holds his hand out towards Luwin who grasps it.]
Maester Luwin: No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since, and for that I consider myself very, very lucky. [Bran and Rickon shed tears.] Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here. [Bran and Rickon leave with Hodor.] Osha, you must protect them. You're the only one who can. [Osha nods] You may have to protect them against your own kind.
Osha: I have no great love for my own kind. [Luwin winces at his wound.] I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it.
Maester Luwin: I don't want milk of the poppy.
Narrator: [Maester Luwin nods toward the dagger Osha is carrying, and she looks back up at him to confirm his will, and he nods a second time.]
Maester Luwin: Do it quickly.
Narrator: [Osha pulls out her dagger and Luwin throws his head slightly before the scene cuts away to Shaggydog and Summer padding in front of Osha leading Rickon by the hand and Hodor pushing Bran in a cart. Bran takes one last look at Winterfell, which still has smoke pour out into the sky.]

Dialog #131
Daenerys Targaryen:...Nothing. (turns to face Xaro) Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you, for teaching me this lesson. (she gestures to her Dothraki, who drag Xaro and Doreah into the vault)
Xaro Xhoan Daxos: I am King of Qarth. I can help you now, truly- help you- we can take the Iron Throne! I'll bring you a thousand-
Doreah: (sobbing) Please, Khaleesi, I beg you, please!-
Xaro Xhoan Daxos: All is within your reach-

Dialog #132
Arya Stark: What are you doing here?
Jaqen H'ghar: Waiting for you.
Arya Stark: How did you know we'd come this way?
Jaqen H'ghar: After all the things you have seen, this is your question? (he starts to walk away, Arya blocks his path)
Arya Stark: How did you kill those guards? Was it hard? (Jaqen looks at her carefully)
Jaqen H'ghar: No harder than taking a new name- if you know the way-
Arya Stark: Show me how. I want to be able to do it, too!
Jaqen H'ghar: If you would learn, then you must come with me.
Arya Stark: Where?
Jaqen H'ghar: (nods eastwards) Far and away, across the Narrow Sea, to Braavos.
Arya Stark: (smiles)...My Dancing Master was from Braavos.
Jaqen H'ghar: (smiles ruefully) To be a Dancing Master is a special thing; but to be a Faceless Man...that is something else entirely. (Arya stares at him, torn) The girl has many names on her lips: Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister. Illyn Payne, the Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God...She could offer them all, one by one.
Arya Stark:...I want to. (pause, Jaqen stares at her) But I can't. I need to find my brother, and mother...and my sister. I need to find her, too.
Jaqen H'ghar: Then, we must part. (reaches into his belt pouch) The man has duties as well. (pulls an iron coin from his pouch and offers it to her) Here.
Arya Stark:...What is it?
Jaqen H'ghar: A coin of great value.
Arya Stark: (takes it) Could it buy a horse?
Jaqen H'ghar: It is not meant for the buying of horses.
Arya Stark: Then what good is it?
Jaqen H'ghar: If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos- and say these words to him: Valar Morghulis.
Arya Stark:...Valar Murghulis? (Jaqen nods and starts to walk past her) Please don't go, Jaqen.
Jaqen H'ghar: (turns back to look at her)...Jaqen is dead. Say it again: Valar Morghulis.
Arya Stark: Valar Morghulis.
Jaqen H'ghar: Good. (Jaqen turns away momentarily. When he turns back, he has an entirely different face, but the same voice) Farewell, Arya Stark.

Dialog #133
Narrator: [Sam, Edd and Grenn are shoveling for fire fuel, not far from the Fist of the First Men]
Grenn: I thought we were coming North to fight Wildlings. (gestures at a chunk of dung) Is this goat?
Eddison "Dolorous Edd" Tollett: (inspects it and puts it in his bucket) Moose.
Grenn: People shouldn't live anywhere they need to burn shit to keep warm.
Dolorous Edd: Well, you see a tree, you let me know.
Samwell Tarly: If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly that's so interesting it-
Dolorous Edd: (muttering exasperatedly) Bloody kill me! (he and Grenn keep shoveling, trying to ignore Sam)
Samwell Tarly: No, truly! The thing that I find so interesting, is that, after everything Craster's done to her, she's still got hope that life might get better!
Dolorous Edd: (sarcastically) The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she's said six words to you.
Samwell Tarley: (angrily) And the thing about you that I find most interesting- is- is absolutely nothing! (suddenly a horn sounds, Sam smiles) It's Jon and the Halfhand- they're back! (he is interrupted by a second horn blast)
Grenn: (throws down his shovel and draws his sword) Two blasts is Wildlings!
Dolorous Edd: You're not fighting them alone- come on! (as they start to move towards the Fist, there is a third blast, and they freeze, horrified)
Grenn: Three blasts.
Dolorous Edd: RUN! (they flee as the wind and snow begin to blow harder; Sam rapidly falls behind)
Samwell Tarly: Wait! Wait for me! (he trips) Grenn! Edd! (they vanish into the thickening whiteout)
Narrator: [Sam stands up, then looks around him frantically as the wind whistles louder. He sees figures approaching behind him and runs frantically towards the Fist, hiding behind a rock. Wights- some dead Wildlings, some dead Watchmen- begin to emerge from the whiteout and walk past him towards the Fist. An undead horse, with a White Walker on its' back, stops next to the rock, and the Walker stares down at Sam. Sam begins to sob, but the Walker passes him by, directing the Wights towards the Fist and shrieking triumphantly, followed by more Wights and Walkers]

Dialog #134
Narrator: [Jon is brought into Mance Rayder's Wildling camp by Ygritte and Rattleshirt; he observes the Wildlings, then sees a Giant carrying mammoth tusks and is amazed]
Ygritte: (grins) First time you've seen a giant, Jon Snow? (Jon nods, still staring at the giant) Well, don't stare too long. They're shy- but when they stop being shy, they get angry. And when they're angry, I've seen them pound a man straight into the ground like a hammer on a nail. (she walks past, Jon follows; the Wildling children begin shouting "Crow!" at Jon and occasionallly throwing pebbles at him) You're wearing the wrong color.
Jon Snow: Mance was a Ranger.
Ygritte: In your hearts, all you Crows want to fly free.
Jon Snow: When I'm free, will I be free to go? (two more children run at him yelling "Crow" and throw their stones)
Ygritte: Sure you will! (knocks down the children with her spear, then turns to smile at Jon) And I'll be free to kill you. (they keep walking) Got no respect, this lot- got no fathers to slap 'em when they're foul.
Jon Snow: What happened to their fathers?
Ygritte: Some of 'em were killed by Crows like you. Don't look so glum, Jon Snow- if Mance Rayder likes you, you'll live another day. And if he don't... (grins at him again)

Dialog #135
Tormund Giantsbane: (eating chicken as Jon is brought into Mance Rayder's tent by Ygritte and Rattleshirt) I smell a Crow.
Rattleshirt: We killed his friends- thought you'd want to question this one.
Tormund Giantsbane: What do we want with a baby Crow?
Ygritte: This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand. (pause, Tormund turns to look at Jon) He wants to be one of us.
Tormund Giantsbane: (stands up and steps towards Jon) That halfhanded cunt killed friends of mine- friends twice your size.
Jon Snow: My father taught me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts. (in the corner of the tent, Mance glances over, interested)
Tormund Giantsbane: Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?
Jon Snow: Jon Snow... Your Grace. (he kneels, thinking Tormund is the King-Beyond-the-Wall; after a pause, all the Wildlings in the tent burst out laughing)
Tormund Giantsbane: "Your Grace?" Do you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart.
Mance Rayder: (comes forward) Stand, boy- we don't kneel for anyone beyond the Wall. (studies Jon) So- you're Ned Stark's Bastard? Thank you for the gift, Lord of Bones- you can leave us. (Rattleshirt leaves, followed more slowly by Ygritte) The girl likes you. You like her back, Snow? That why you want to join us?
Tormund Giantsbane: Don't panic, boy- this isn't the damp Night's Watch where we make you swear off girls.
Mance Rayder: This chicken-eater you thought was King is Tormund Giantsbane.
Tormund Giantsbane: (walks around Jon) Can't believe this... pup killed Halfhand.
Mance Rayder: He was our enemy, and I'm glad he's dead... (offers his hand, Jon shakes it) But he was my Brother, once. Back when he had a whole hand. What were you doin' with him?
Jon Snow: The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand, for seasoning.
Mance Rayder: Why?
Jon Snow: He wants me to lead one day-
Mance Rayder: But here you are, a traitor, kneeling before the King-Beyond-the-Wall.
Jon Snow: If I'm a traitor... then you are, too. (Mance's bodyguard, Fellback, looks up angrily. Mance pauses, then steps closer)
Mance Rayder:...Why do you want to join us, Jon Snow?
Jon Snow:...I want to be free.
Mance Rayder: (smiles coldly) No- I don't think so. I think what you want, most of all, is to be a hero. (Fellback stands up, brandishing his battleaxe; he and Tormund both step closer to Jon) I'll ask you one last time- why do you want to join us?
Jon Snow:...We stopped at Craster's Keep on the way north. I saw...
Mance Rayder: You saw what?
Jon Snow:...I saw Craster take his own baby boy, and leave it in the woods. I saw what took it. (pause, Mance stares at him)
Mance Rayder: You're telling me you saw... one of Them. And why would that make you desert your Brothers?
Jon Snow: Because, when I told the Lord Commander... he already knew. (pause) Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them. I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. (pause) Did I come to the right place?
Mance Rayder:...We'll need to find you a new cloak.

Dialog #136
Jorah Mormont: (observing Dany's dragons catching fish)...They're growing fast.
Daenerys Targaryen: Not fast enough. I can't wait that long.(pause) I need an army.
Jorah Mormont: We'll be in Astapor by nightfall. Some say the Unsullied are the greatest soldiers in the world-
Daenerys Targaryen: (turns to face him) The greatest slave-soldiers in the world. The distinction means a good deal to some people-
Jorah Mormont: Do those people have any better ideas about how to put you on the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen:...It's too beautiful of a day, to argue. (one of her Dothraki followers vomits)
Jorah Mormont:...You're right. Another lovely day on the high seas-
Daenerys Targaryen: Don't mock them. They're the first Dothraki who've ever been on a ship- they followed me across the Poison Water! If they'll do it, others will, and with a true Khalasar-
Jorah Mormont: The Dothraki follow strength above all, Khaleesi. You'll have a true Khalasar when you prove yourself strong- and not before.

Dialog #137
Bronn: As much as I appreciate the walk in the sunshine, your Lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me.
Tyrion Lannister: A number of people in this city want me killed- you're here to protect me.
Bronn: I've been doing that for a while, now.
Tyrion Lannister: Have you grown bored protecting me?
Bronn: I grow poor protecting you.
Tyrion Lannister: (scoffs) Poor? Under my patronage, you've become a knight, you've served as commander of the City Watch-
Bronn: Briefly.
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) I'm sure you've filled your pockets.
Bronn: (shrugs) And now, my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things- and, if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll have to pay more.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were friends.
Bronn: We are- but I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword- I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.
Tyrion Lannister: (giving in) How much?
Bronn: Double.
Tyrion Lannister: Double?!
Bronn: I'm a knight, now- knights are worth double.
Tyrion Lannister: I don't even know what I'm paying you now!
Bronn: Which means you can afford it.

Dialog #138
Tyrion Lannister: The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. [Tywin doesn't answer] Are you enjoying your new position?
Tywin Lannister: Am I enjoying it?
Tyrion Lannister: I was very happy as Hand of the King.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. I heard how happy you were. You brought a whore into my bed.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't your bed at the time.
Tywin Lannister: I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have: bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.
Tyrion Lannister: Occasionally I drank with the harlots.
Tywin Lannister: What do you want, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield.
Tywin Lannister: Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.
Tyrion Lannister: I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
Tywin Lannister: Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want.
Tyrion Lannister: I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.
Tywin Lannister: You want Casterly Rock?
Tyrion Lannister: It is mine by right.
Tywin Lannister: We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.
Tyrion Lannister: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go. [Tyrion walks away] Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed, I'll hang.

Dialog #139
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight.
Stannis Baratheon: I am fighting.
Davos Seaworth: By burning prisoners alive?
Melissandre: How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
Davos Seaworth: I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.
Melissandre: I'm not your enemy.
Davos Seaworth: You are my enemy.
Melissandre: Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them. Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true. Death by fire is the purest death.
Narrator: [Davos pulls out a knife and tries to stab Melissandre, but is restrained by the guards.
Davos Seaworth: This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.
Stannis Baratheon: Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace!
Melissandre: You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.
Narrator: Davos Seaworth [to Stannis] She will destroy us all!
Melissandre: I will pray for you.

Dialog #140
Joffrey Baratheon: I do apologize, my lady. Small council meetings. At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time? That's a lovely gown, my lady.
Cersei Lannister: Yes, it suits you perfectly. I imagine you might be rather cold.
Margaery Tyrell: The climate is a bit more forgiving back in Highgarden, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Shall I have them bring you a shawl, my lady?
Margaery Tyrell: I am touched by your concern, Your Grace. Luckily for us Tyrells, our blood runs quite warm. Doesn't it, Loras?
Loras Tyrell: Yes.
Margaery Tyrell: Loras, isn't the queen's gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork. I've never seen anything like it.
Cersei Lannister: You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen. Perhaps before. Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning.
Margaery Tyrell: Yes. I paid a visit to an orphanage the High Septon told me about.
Loras Tyrell: Margaery does a great deal of work with the poor back in Highgarden. The lowest among us are no different from the highest if you give them a chance and approach them with an open heart.
Cersei Lannister: An open heart is what you'll get in Flea Bottom if you're not careful, my dear. Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there. We had a full complement of guards that didn't stop them. The king barely escaped with his life.
Joffrey Baratheon: My mother's always had a penchant for drama. Facts become less and less important to her as she grows older. Our lives were never truly in danger.
Cersei Lannister: You're right, of course. But you are your father's son. We can't all have a king's bravery.
Margaery Tyrell: Hunger turns men into beasts. I'm glad House Tyrell has been able to help in this regard. They tell me 100 wagons arrive daily now from the Reach. Wheat, barley, apples. We've had a blessed harvest. And, of course, it's our duty to assist the capital in time of need.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well, as Ser Loras said, Lady Margaery has done this sort of... charitable work before. I'm sure she knows what she's doing.
Cersei Lannister: I'm sure she does.

Dialog #141
Narrator: [Missandei translates Kraznys, who cannot speak the Common Tongue, explanation of Unsullied's training to Daenerys]
Missandei: They begin their training at five. Every day they drill from dawn to dusk until they have mastered the shortsword, the shield, and the three spears. Only one boy in four survives this rigorous training. Their discipline and loyalty are absolute. They fear nothing.
Jorah Mormont: Even the bravest men fear death.
Missandei: [in High Valyrian] The knight says even brave men fear death.
Kraznys mo Nakloz: [in High Valyrian] Tell the old man he smells like piss.
Missandei: [pauses] [in High Valyrian] Truly, Master?
Kraznys mo Nakloz: [in High Valyrian No, not truly. Are you a girl or a goat to ask such a thing?
Missandei: [in the Common Tongue] My master says the Unsullied are not men. Death means nothing to them.
Kraznys mo Nakloz: in High Valyrian] Tell this ignorant whore of a Westerner to open her eyes and watch.
Missandei: He begs you attend to this carefully, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Tell the good master there is no need.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] She's worried about their nipples. Does the dumb bitch know we've cut off their balls? [cuts off the nipple of one of the Unsullied, who doesn't even flinch]
Missandei: My master points out that men don't need nipples.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] Here, I'm done with you.
Unsullied soldier: [in High Valyrian] This one is pleased to have served you.
Missandei: To win his shield, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find a newborn and kill it before its mother's eyes. This way, my master says, we make certain there is no weakness left in them.
Daenerys Targaryen: You take a babe from its mother's arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin?
Missendei: [in High Valyrian] She is offended. She asks if you pay a silver coin to the mother, for her dead baby.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] What a soft mewling fool this one is.
Missandei: My master would like you to know that the silver is paid to the baby's owner, not the mother.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many do you have to sell?
Narrator: [Kraznys holds up eight fingers]
Daenerys Targaryen: 8,000.
Kraznys: [in High Valyrian] Tell the Westerosi whore she has until tomorrow.
Missandei: Master Kraznys asks that you please hurry. Many other buyers are interested.

Dialog #142
Narrator: [Ser Barristan Selmy has just saved Dany from a poisonous manticore; the girl who set it on her hisses, showing blue gums, and disappears]
Daenerys Targaryen: The Warlocks (looks at Ser Jorah Mormont, then to Selmy) I owe you my life, Ser.
Barristan Selmy: (removes his hood) The honor is mine, my Queen. (Jorah recognizes him and stiffens)
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks at Jorah) Do you know this man?
Jorah Mormont:(nods)...I know him. As one of the greatest fighters the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen... and as the Lord Commander of Robert Baratheon's Kingsguard. (Dany looks quickly between Jorah and Ser Barristan)
Ser Barristan Selmy: (walks up to them) King Robert is dead. I have been searching for you, Daenerys Stormborn, to ask your forgiveness. I was sworn to protect your family...I failed them. (he kneels before her) I am Barristan Selmy, Kingsguard to your father. Allow me to join your Queensguard, and I will not fail you again.

Dialog #143
Jaime Lannister: You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.
Brienne: If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.
Jaime Lannister: For all the good it's done her. How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.
Brienne: Not your concern, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.
Brienne: How would you know?
Jaime Lannister: Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways.
Brienne: Move.
Jaime Lannister: Were you pledged to Stannis?
Brienne: [disgustedly] Gods, no.
Jaime Lannister: Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.
Brienne: Shut your mouth.
Jaime Lannister: Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.
Brienne: I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.
Jaime Lannister: Sounds like you quite fancied him.
Brienne: I did not fancy him.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, gods, you did. Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid. He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.
Brienne: I'm not interested in foul rumors.
Jaime Lannister: Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it.
Brienne: [grabs Jaime by his hair] Shut your mouth!
Jaime Lannister: I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love.

Dialog #144
Margaery Tyrell: Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother... the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell.
Narrator: Olenna Tyrell Kiss me, child. [Sansa does so] It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.
Sansa Stark: And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.
Olenna Tyrell: Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.
Margaery Tyrell: Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.
Narrator: Olenna Tyrell Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father--
Margaery Tyrell: Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
Olenna Tyrell: She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through.

Dialog #145
Olenna Tyrell: Here, Sansa, come sit with me. I'm much less boring than these others. Do you know my son? The Lord of Highgarden?
Sansa Stark: I haven't had the pleasure.
Olenna Tyrell: No great pleasure, believe me. A ponderous oaf. His father was an oaf as well. My husband, the late Lord Luthor. He managed to ride off a cliff whilst hawking. They say he was looking up at the sky and paying no mind to where his horse was taking him. And now my son is doing the same, only this time he's riding a lion instead of a horse. Now... I want you to tell me the truth about this royal boy, this Joffrey.
Sansa Stark: I... I...
Olenna Tyrell: You, you. Who else would know better? We've heard some troubling tales. Is there any truth to them? Has this boy mistreated you? [Sansa remains silent] Has he ripped out your tongue?
Sansa Stark: Joff- King Joffrey, he-- His Grace is very fair and handsome and as brave as a lion.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, all Lannisters are lions. And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a rose. But how kind is he? How clever? Has he a good heart, a gentle hand?
Margaery Tyrell: I'm to be his wife. I only want to know what that means.
Olenna Tyrell: [to a servant] Bring me some cheese.
Servant: The cheese will be served after the cakes, my lady.
Olenna Tyrell: The cheese will be served when I want it served. And I want it served now. [to Sansa] Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.
Sansa Stark: My father always told the truth.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.
Sansa Stark: Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it.
Margaery Tyrell: Go on.
Sansa Stark: I- I can't. I never meant- my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.
Margaery Tyrell: She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.
Olenna Tyrell: Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.
Sansa Stark: He's a monster.
Olenna Tyrell: Ah. That's a pity.
Sansa Stark: Please, don't stop the wedding.
Olenna Tyrell: Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese.

Dialog #146
Queen Talisa: [observing the prayer wheel Catelyn is making] May I help you, Lady Stark?
Catelyn Stark: [sharply] No.
Queen Talisa: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-
Catelyn Stark: You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.
Queen Talisa: You've made them before?
Catelyn Stark: Twice.
Queen Talisa: Did they work?
Catelyn Stark: After a fashion. I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness, listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.
Queen Talisa: Which boy?
Catelyn Stark: Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him, didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring at me. So I prayed to the gods "Take him away, make him die". He got the pox and I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother, a woman he didn't even know! So I prayed to all Seven Gods "Let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us".
Queen Talisa: And he lived?
Catelyn Stark: And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family...it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child.

Dialog #147
Mance Rayder: Was it hard for you to kill the Halfhand?
Jon Snow: ...Yes.
Mance Rayder: You liked him? (Jon nods) I like you- but if you're playin' us false, it won't be hard for me to kill you. I've got Wildling blood in my veins- these are my people.
Jon Snow: I understand-
Mance Rayder: Well, how could you understand?
Jon Snow: You want to protect your people.
Mance Rayder:...D'you know what it takes to unite ninety clans, half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another? They speak seven different languages in my army. The Thenns hate the Hornfoots, the Hornfoots hate the Ice-River Clans, everyone hates the Cave People. So- d'you know how I got moon-worshippers and cannibals and giants to march together in the same army?
Jon Snow: No.
Mance Rayder: I told them we were all going to die if we didn't get south. Because that's the truth.

Dialog #148
Osha: Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
Meera Reed: Where's the shame in that?
Osha: Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.
Meera Reed: Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.

Dialog #149
Edmure Tully: If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing-
Brynden Tully: Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.
Edmure Tully: Robb knows I meant him no disr-
Brynden Tully: You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.
Edmure Tully: My blunder sent Tywin's mad dog scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.
Robb Stark: It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.
Edmure Tully: I seized an opportunity.
Robb Stark: What value was the mill?
Edmure Tully: The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.
Robb Stark: Is he there now?
Edmure Tully: Of course not. We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.
Robb Stark: I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad dog without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.
Edmure Tully: We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.
Robb Stark: Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old.
Brynden Tully:'Martyn is 15, I believe.
Robb Stark: Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his... [pauses as he does the maths] Father's brother's great-grandsons?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: How many men did you lose?
Edmure Tully: 208. But for every man we lost, the Lannisters--
Robb Stark: We need our men more than Tywin needs his!
Edmure Tully: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Robb Stark: You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.
Brynden Tully: We seem to be running short of patience here.
Robb Stark: You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister.

Dialog #150
Narrator: [At a Small Council meeting]
Tywin Lannister: What news of Jaime? [All the others remain silent] Twenty thousand unwashed Northerners have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion where he is?
Varys: We are trying, my lord-
Tywin Lannister: Try harder! What do we have then?
Varys: Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather, Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal...[Varys smirks at Littlefinger] which would make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name-
Tywin Lannister: Let him have it; the name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.
Littlefinger: For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord. Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children; she has always been...positively predisposed towards me.
Grand Maester Pycelle: A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish Acting Lord of the Vale.
Littlefinger: Titles do seem to breed titles.
Tywin Lannister: You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold, then the Young Wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who've taken up arms against him!
Tyrion Lannister: Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer had ended, hard days lie ahead, not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.
Tywin Lannister: Fully agreed, which is why I am naming you Master of Coin. [Cersei sniggers]
Tyrion Lannister: Master of Coin?!
Tywin Lannister: It would appear to be a position that best suits your...talents.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me about managing it!
Cersei Lannister: [sarcastic] I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.
Grand Maester Pycelle: [also sarcastic] Hear, hear!

Dialog #151
Tyrion Lannister: A surprising place to keep the Royal Ledgers.
Petyr Baelish: I'm surprised you're surprised. This is the safest place in the city.
Tyrion Lannister: Not for bastards (Baelish glares at him momentarily)
Ros: That's all of them, m'Lord. (passes the ledgers to Podrick, smiling at him flirtatiously)
Tyrion Lannister: Thank you, my dear. Pod- (notices Podrick is staring at Ros' bosom) Pod. (Podrick turns to him) Take them outside. I'll be there in a moment.
Podrick Payne: Yes, m'Lord. (he leaves; Ros follows, smiling back at Tyrion and Petyr, who both watch her go)
Petyr Baelish: I hear you owe that boy a... significant debt.
Tyrion Lannister: Only my life- not all that significant, I'm afraid.
Petyrn Baelish: You should have him knighted.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) Ohh, if only the Master of Coin had such power!
Petyr Baelish: If only. (pause) I owe you a significant debt. Our redheaded friend (gestures in the general direction of Ros' departure)... you secured her release when the Queen detained her.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh- that. Of course. A simple misunderstanding.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles dangerously) Apparently, Her Grace believed the two of you had some sort of...special relationship.
Tyrion Lannister: We don't. (pause) I did fuck her, once.
Petyr Baelish: I know.
Tyrion Lannister: (confused) But- we dont.
Petyr Baelish: (chuckles) I know- but how would the Queen get that idea?
Tyrion Lannister: (smirks) Why don't you ask her? (he heads towards the door, followed by Baelish) Any advice for me, on my new position?
Petyr Baelish:...Keep a low profile?
Tyrion Lannister: If I had a golden dragon for every time I've heard that stupid joke, I'd be richer than you are.
Petyr Baelish: Well, you are richer than I am.
Tyrion Lannister:(nods) Good point.
Petyr Baelish: They're only numbers- numbers on paper. Once you understand them, it's easy to make them behave. Trivial, even. You want a real challenge? (pulls the door open a crack, letting in the sounds of prostitutes giggling.) Try whores.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) I've tried quite a few. Well, lots of work to do. (cryptically) Enjoy the Eyrie.

Dialog #152
Narrator: [Melisandre is preparing to depart Dragonstone]
Stannis Baratheon: You refuse to tell me where you're going?
Melisandre: I don't know yet. The fires will show me.
Stannis Baratheon: How long will you be gone?
Melisandre: [exasperated] I don't know! [Stannis grabs her]
Stannis Baratheon: You're abandoning me!
Melisandre: I will never abandon you. You are the Son of Fire; I am sworn to serve you!
Stannis Baratheon: Then serve me now.
Melisandre: When I return you will understand.
Stannis Baratheon: My enemies think they've destroyed me. They're laughing at me, the way Renly laughed at me. I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead. Make me another 'son'.
Melisandre: I cannot.
Stannis Baratheon: Why?!
Melisandre: You don't have the strength. It would kill you.
Stannis Baratheon: I'm not so easily killed; men have been trying for years. I want you.
Melisandre: Your fires burn low, my king. [Stannis turns to leave] There is another way, a better way.
Stannis Baratheon: You told me your magic requires a king's blood.
Melisandre: Yes.
Stannis Baratheon: I am the one true king!
Melisandre: You are. But there are others with your blood in their veins. You will sit on the Iron Throne, but first there must be sacrifices. The Lord of Light demands it.

Dialog #153
Catelyn Stark: (staring out the window of Riverrun) A person could almost be forgiven, for forgetting we're at war.
Brynden Tully: ...It often comforts me to remember, that even in war's darkest days, in most places in the world there's nothing going on.
Catelyn Stark: (glances at him, smiles) I've missed you, Uncle. Father missed you, too- from the day you left- maybe he never said it in so many words-
Brynden Tully: Maybe? Your father was a stubborn old ox. I was surprised when he died- didn't think death had the patience.
Catelyn Stark:...I'm glad you were with him. I wish to the Gods that I had been. (pause) Did you make peace, in the end?
Brynden Tully: (awkwardly) After thirty years of fighting, I... I think he'd forgotten what started it! He asked me to stop calling myself "Blackfish". Said it was an old joke, and it was never funny to begin with. (chuckles) I told him, "People have been calling me 'Blackfish' for so long, I don't remember my real name!"
Catelyn Stark: (smiles, looks out the window) Every time he left for the Capitol, or to fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. "Wait for me, Little Cat" he'd say, "Wait for me- and I'll come back to you." (starts to tear up) And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. (starts to cry) I wonder- how many times did Bran and Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell, waiting for me to return?! (sobbing) I will never see them again! (Brynden sits across from her and hugs her)
Brynden Tully: You musn't think it. We don't know it- they could be in hiding- (Catelyn gives him a look, and he stops) Robb believes they're alive. And, he must go on believing. (looks her in the eye) He's got to remain strong if he's going to prevail, and you must remain strong for him. (Catelyn pulls herself together)

Dialog #154
Narrator: [In Astapor]
Barristan Selmy: Leave this place, Your Grace. Leave tonight, I beg you.
Jorah Mormont: And what is she to do for soldiers?
Barristan Selmy: We can find sellswords in Pentos and Myr.
Jorah Mormont: Is it we already, Ser Barristan? If you want to sit on the throne your ancestors built, you must win it. That will mean blood on your hands before the thing is done.
Daenerys Targaryen: The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents.
Jorah Mormont: How many wars have you fought in, Ser Baristan?
Barristan Selmy: Three.
Jorah Mormont: Have you ever seen a war in which innocents didn't die by the thousands? [Barristan remains silent, but shakes his head] I was in King's Landing after the sack, Khaleesi. You know what I saw? Butchery. Babies, children, old men, more women raped than you can count. There's a beast in every man, and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand...but the Unsullied are not men. They do not rape, they do not put cities to the sword unless they're ordered to do so. If you buy them, the only men they'll kill are those you want dead. [Barristan scoffs]
Daenerys Targaryen: You disagree, Ser Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, your Grace. I bled beside him.
Jorah Mormont: Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly...and Rhaegar died.
Daenerys Targaryen: Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: I did, your Grace. The finest man I ever met.
Daenerys Targaryen: I wish I had known him...but he was not the last dragon.

Dialog #155
Missandei: (translating for Kraznys Mo Nakloz) All? Did this one's ears mishear Your Grace?
Daenerys Targaryen: They did not. I want to buy them all.
Missandei: (to Kraznys and the other Masters, in Valyrian) She wants to buy them all.
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: (scoffs, in Valyrian) She can't afford them. The slut thinks she can flash her tits and make us give her whatever she wants.
Missandei: There are eight thousand Unsullied in Astapor. Is this what you mean by "all"?
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. Eight thousand- and the ones still in training, as well. (Missandei translates for Kraznys)
Greizhen mo Ullhor:(to Kraznys, in Valyrian) If they fall on the battlefield, they will shame Astapor!
Missandei: Master Greizhen says, they cannot sell half-trained boys. If they fail upon the battlefield, they will bring shame upon all of Astapor.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will have them all, or take none. Many will fall in battle; I'll need the boys to pick up the swords they drop. (Missandei translates to Kraznys)
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: (in Valyrian) The slut cannot pay for all of this. Her ship will buy her 100 Unsullied, no more- and this, because I like the curve of her ass. (snickers with the other Masters) What is left will buy her 10. I will give her 20 if she stops her ignorant whimpering. Her Dothraki smell of shit- but may be useful as pig feed. I will give her 3 for these. So, ask this beggar Queen, how she will pay for the remaining 7,877?
Missandei: Master Kraznys says you cannot afford this. Your ship will buy you one hundred Unsullied... because Master Kraznys is generous. The gold you have with you will is worth ten...but Good Master Kraznys will give you twenty. The Dothraki you have with you...The Dothraki you have are not worth what they cost to feed...but Master Kraznys will give you three Unsullied for all of them. Master Kraznys asks how you propose to pay for the remaining... seven thousand, eight hundred and seventy-seven Unsullied?
Daenerys Targaryen:...I have dragons. (Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah both look shocked) I'll give you one. (Missandei translates to Kraznys, who immediately looks interested; he goes into a discussion with the other slave Masters)
Barristan Selmy: (steps forward) You will win the Throne with dragons, not slaves, Your Grace!
Jorah Mormont:(steps forward) Khaleesi, please- (he sees the look on her face and backs off)
Kraznys Mo Nakloz:(finishes his discussion and turns to Daenerys as she steps forward) Three dragons-
Daenerys Targaryen: One.
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: Two-
Daenerys Targaryen: One. (Kraznys stares at her, then goes into discussion with his fellow slave-masters; finally, he replies in Valyrian)
Missandei: They want the biggest one.
Daenerys Targaryen: Done.
Kraznys Mo Nakloz: Done!
Daenerys Targaryen: (glances at Missandei)...I'll take you, as well- now. You'll be Master Kraznys' gift to me- a token of a bargain well-struck.
Missandei: (to Kraznys in Valyrian)...She asks that you give me to her, as a present. She asks that you do this now. (Kraznys locks eyes with Dany)

Dialog #156
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi, a dragon is worth more than any army!
Barristan Selmy: Aegon Targaryen proved that!
Daenerys Targaryen: (turns to face them, irritated) You're both here to advise me. I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, you'll be advising someone else. Is that understood? (she walks on with Missandei) Do you have a name?
Missandei: This one's name is Missandei, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Do you have a family- a mother and a father you'd return to, if you had the choice?
Missandei: No, Your Grace- no family living.
Daenerys Targaryen: You belong to me, now- it is your duty to tell me the truth.
Missandei:...Yes, Your Grace. Lying is a great offense- many of those on the Walk of Punishment were taken there for less.
Daenerys Targaryen: I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment. Do you know what he said to me? "Let me die."
Missandei:...There are no Masters in the grave, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience?
Missandei: All questions have been taken from them. They obey- that is all. Once they are yours, they are yours. They will fall on their swords, if you command it.
Daenerys Targaryen:...And what about you. You know that I'm taking you to war. You may go hungry, you may fall sick... you may be killed.
Missandei:... Valar Morghulis.
Daenerys Targaryen:...Yes. "All men must die"... but we are not men. (Missandei smiles)

Dialog #157
Narrator: [Tyrion is going through Littlefinger's books of commerce]
Tyrion Lannister: For years, I've heard Littlefinger is a magician. Whenever the Crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and poof! Mountains of gold.
Bronn: Let me guess; he's not a magician?
Tyrion Lannister: No.
Bronn: He's stealing it?
Tyrion Lannister: Worse; he's borrowing it.
Bronn: What's wrong with that?
Tyrion Lannister: We can't afford to pay it back, that's what wrong with it! The crown owes millions to my father.
Bronn: Seeing as it's his grandson's arse on the throne, I imagine he'll forgive that.
Tyrion Lannister: Forgive a debt? My father? For a man of the world, you're strangely naive.
Bronn: I've never borrowed money before. I'm not clear on the rules.
Tyrion Lannister: Well...the basic principle is 'I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it...with interest'.
Bronn: And what if I don't?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, you have to.
Bronn:(sits down across from Tyrion) But what if I don't?
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) ...This is why I don't lend you money. Anyway, it's not my father I'm worried about. It's the Iron Bank of Braavos. We owe them tens of millions. If we fail to repay these loans, the Bank will fund our enemies. One way or another, they always get their gold back. (Pod enters, having been given three prostitutes by Tyrion as a reward for saving him at the Blackwater) Ah- the return of the conquering hero! Does he have a little jaunt in his step?
Bronn: The lad's practically skipping. (Pod smiles bashfully)
Tyrion Lannister: (smiling) You've been gone a long time, Podrick. I trust you got your money's worth? Or, should I say, my money's worth? (Podrick sets a pouch of gold on the table- the money Tyrion gave him for the prostitutes) Oh, it was a gift, Podrick! This is more than I give you in a year!
Bronn: He's your squire- you don't pay him.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh- then it's much more than I give you in a year!
Podrick Payne:...They wouldn't take it, m'Lord. (Tyrion looks very confused)
Bronn: (shrugs at Tyrion) Maybe they're trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin-
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? (Bronn opens his mouth, then shuts it, thinking) They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them.
Bronn: (looks up at Pod)...What did you tell 'em?
Podrick Payne:...I didn't tell them anything.
Tyrion Lannister: What did you do to them?!
Podrick Payne: (shrugs)...Lots of things.
Tyrion Lannister: And... they seemed to like these things?
Podrick Payne: (nods vigorously) Yes, m'Lord.
Bronn: Of course they seemed to like it- they're paid to seem to like it-
Tyrion Lannister: (jingles the full bag of gold) Only they weren't paid.
Bronn:..What're you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free? (stares incredulously up at Pod)
Tyrion Lannister: (looks up at Pod) Is that what you're telling us? (Pod shrugs at them bashfully, smiling; amazed, Tyrion tosses the money bag aside and goes to fetch wine) Sit down, Podrick. (Bronn pushes him into a chair, Tyrion pours them wine) We're going to need details- copious details.

Dialog #158
Locke: (holding a knife to Jaime's face) You think you're the smartest man there is. Everyone alive has to bow to lick and scrape your boots.
Jaime: My father-
Locke: You get in any trouble, all you got to do is say "My father" and that's it. All your troubles are gone. (Jaime grumbles) Have you got something to say? (presses the knife to Jaime's eye) You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. (takes the knife away) Never forget that. (rises) Here, this should help you remember! (bring's the blade down, slicing Jaime's hand off)

Dialog #159
Narrator: [Arya, Gendry and the Hound are brought to a secret hideout of the Brotherhood Without Banners]
Gendry:...What is this place?
Thoros of Myr: Somewhere neither wolves nor lions can prowl.(Anguy leads a bound Sandor Clegane into the cave, then pulls his hood off)
Sandor Clegane: (stares around the cave at the outlaws and smirks) You look like a bunch of swineherds.
Anguy: Some of us were swineherds- and some of us tanners, and masons. That was before-
Sandor Clegane: (sneers) You're still swineherds and tanners and masons. You think carrying a crooked spear makes you a soldier?
Beric Dondarrion: No... fighting in a war makes you a soldier. (the outlaws part to reveal him)
Sandor Clegane: (stares at Dondarrion's scarred face and eyepatch)...Beric Dondarrion. you've seen better days-
Beric Dondarrion: (smiles, comes forward) And I won't see them again.
Sandor Clegane: (stares around the cave, shakes his head scornfully) Stark deserters, Baratheon deserters- you lot aren't fighting a war, you're running from it!
Beric Dondarrion: Last I heard, you were King Joffrey's guard dog- but here you are, a thousand miles from home. (pause) Which of us is running?
Sandor Clegane: Untie these ropes, and we'll find out. What're you doing, leading a mob of peasants?
Beric Dondarrion: Ned Stark ordered me to execute your brother, in King Robert's name. (Arya glances at him)
Sandor Clegane: Ned Stark is dead. King Robert is dead. My brother's alive. (spits) You're fighting for ghosts.
Beric Dondarrion: (smiles) That's what we are- ghosts. Waiting for you in the dark. You can't see us- but we see you, no matter whose cloak you wear. Lannister, Stark, Baratheon- you prey on the weak, and the Brotherhood Without Banners will hunt you down.
Sandor Clegane: You found God- is that it?
Beric Dondarrion: (fervently) Aye- I've been reborn in the light of the one true God. (Thoros nods) As have we all. As would any man whose seen the things we've seen.
Sandor Clegane: (disgusted) If you mean to murder me, then bloody well get on with it!
Thoros of Myr: You'll die soon enough, dog- but it won't be murder, only justice.
Anguy: (angrily) And the kind of fate that you deserve! Lions, you call yourselves- at the Mummer's Ford, girls of seven years were raped, and babes still at the breast were cut in two while their mothers watched-
Sandor Clegane: (sneering) I wasn't at the Mummer's Ford! Dump your dead children at some other door!
Thoros of Myr: House Clegane was built on dead children! I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Raenys before the Iron Throne.
Sandor Clegane: (contemptuously) Do you take me for my brother? Is being born Clegane a crime?!
Anguy: Murder is a crime-
Sandor Clegane: (furious) I never touched the Targaryen babes! I never saw them- never smelled them, never heard them bawling! (Dondarrion watches him) You want to cut my throat- GET ON WITH IT! But don't call me murderer, and pretend that you're not!
Arya Stark: (angrily) You murdered Mycah, the butcher's boy. (everyone turns to look at her) My friend. He was twelve years old. He was unarmed. And you rode him down. You slung him over your horse like he was some deer. (Dondarrion steps towards her)
Sandor Clegane: Aye, he was a bleeder.
Beric Dondarrion: (turns to look at him)...You don't deny killing this boy?
Sandor Clegane: I was Joffrey's sworn shield. The boy attacked the Prince-
Arya Stark: That's a lie! I hit Joffrey! Mycah just ran away!
Sandor Clegane: Then I should have killed you! Not my place to question Princes!
Beric Dondarrion: (looks back and forth between the Hound and Arya)...You stand accused of murder, but no one hear knows the truth of the charge. So, it is not for us to judge you- only the Lord of Light may do that, now. (pause) I sentence you to trial by combat.
Sandor Clegane: (turns around, looking at each of the outlaws) ...So, who will it be? (looks at Thoros) Should we find out if your fire-god really loves you, priest? (turns to Anguy) Or you, archer- or are you worse with a sword in your hand? (Anguy suddenly looks frightened, Sandor turns around, smirking) Or is the little girl the bravest one here?
Beric Dondarrion: (glances at Arya)...Aye, she might be. But it's me you'll fight.

Dialog #160
[Tyrion walks into a room to find Varys unloading a very large crate]:
Varys: Oh- Lord Tyrion! Come in, come in...
Tyrion Lannister: I hoped we might speak... in confidence.
Varys: Oh, always in confidence. (smiles, begins prising loose various parts of the crate lid with a crowbar.)
Tyrion Lannister: About the events of the Blackwater. (Varys continues his work on the crate)... Perhaps this is the wrong time?
Varys: (oddly cheerful) Oh, no, it's a wonderful time!
Tyrion Lannister: I thought one of your little birds might have... knowledge of my sister's intentions to-
Varys: End your life? (pauses, looks at Tyrion, who nods)
Tyrion Lannister:... I didn't inherit Littlefinger's spies along with his position, I'm afraid. Which is why I'm coming to you. I need proof.
Varys: (scoffs, chuckles) Proof? Will there be a trial (continues working on the crate lid)
Tyrion Lannister: I need to know. (Varys looks up at him in exasperation)
Varys: I have no proof... only whispers. (Tyrion sighs in disappointment) Before all this...nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still?
Tyrion: I don't know. Do I?
Varys: (pauses) As a boy, in Myr, I traveled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day, a man approached my master with an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me, as I'd heard some men use small boys- but what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade, he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts on a brazier; the flames burned blue, and I heard a voice... answer his call. (pause, stares at Tyrion with a fearful expression) I still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade...I dream of the voice. Was it a god? A demon? Some conjurer's trick? I don't know- but the sorcerer called... and a voice answered. (vengefully) And ever since that day, I have hated magic, and all who practice it. (Tyrion nods impatiently) But, you can see why I was eager to aide in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess- a symbolic revenge, of sorts. (smiles, continues working on the crate lid)
Tyrion Lannister: Yes- I feel the need for actual revenge. Against the actual person who tried to have me killed, which will require a certain degree of... influence which-
Varys: (gestures at him with the crowbar) You do not possess- at the moment. (Tyrion smiles weakly, Varys sets down the crowbar and walks around the crate) But- influence is largely a matter of... patience, I find. (goes to a mirror and washes his hands) Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house, to die. I resolved to live, to spite him. (Tyrion frowns thoughtfully, Varys washes his face and puts on his jeweled rings) I begged, I sold what parts of my body remained to me- I became an excellent thief. And soon, learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step... One distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr... to the Small Council Chamber. (Turns to look at Tyrion) Influence grows, like a weed. I tended mine, patiently,(walks back to the crate) until its' tendrils reached from the Red Keep, all the way across to the far side of the world... where I managed to wrap them around something very special. (pulls the crate lid open; Tyrion looks inside with him to find a ragged old man, bound and gagged)
Tyrion Lannister: (shocked)...The sorcerer. (The old man whimpers through the gag)
Varys: (menacingly) Hello, my old friend... It's been a long time. (to Tyrion) I have no doubt, the revenge you want will be yours in time... if you have the stomach for it. (closes the crate on the sorcerer, who is screaming through the gag)

Dialog #161
Narrator: [Cersei sits in front of her father, who is busy writing a letter to someone and does not look up at her for some time]
Tywin Lannister: ...You wanted to speak to me?
Cersei Lannister: Yes- about Jaime.
Tywin Lannister: What about him?
Cersei Lannister: I wanted to make sure we're doing whatever we can to get him back.
Tywin Lannister:...When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner, what did I do in response? (dries the ink on the letter and folds it up)
Cersei Lannister: You started a war.
Tywin Lannister: (pours sealing wax on the letter) And, if I started a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my eldest son, and heir?
Cersei Lannister: Whatever you can.
Tywin Lannister: Whatever I can. (puts a seal on the letter, pushes it aside, and starts working on another letter) You're still here.
Cersei Lannister: (quietly) Yes.
Tywin Lannister: Why?
Cersei Lannister: (resentfully) Did it ever occur to you that I might be the one who deserves your confidence and your trust- not your sons? Not Jaime or Tyrion, but me? Years and years of lectures on family and legacy (laughs mockingly) The same lecture, really- just with tiny, tedious variations. Did it ever occur to you that your daughter might be the only one listening to them, living by them- tht she might have the most to contribute to your legacy that you love so much more than your actual children? (pause as Tywin finishes his letter)
Tywin Lannister: All right. Contribute. (leans back with an expectant look, Cersei's confidence suddenly falters)
Cersei Lannister: The Tyrells are a problem.
Tywin Lannister: (gives her an incredulous look) The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon. The Tyrells helped save your life, and your children's lives.
Cersei Lannister: Margaery has her claws into Joffrey. She knows how to manipulate him-
Tywin Lannister: (stares directly at her) Good. I wish you knew how to manipulate him. (pause) I don't distrust you because you're a woman. I distrust you because you're not as smart as you think you are. You've allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you, and everyone else in this city. (goes back to his letters, Cersei glares at him resentfully)
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes.
Tywin Lannister: (pauses, gives her a cold, direct look) I will.

Dialog #162
Narrator: [Daenerys has just sold one of her dragons, Drogon, for an army of 8000 Unsullied]
Daenerys Targaryen: Is it done then? They belong to me?
Missandei: [after translating] It is done. You hold the whip.
Master Kraznys: [attempting to rein Drogon in] The bitch has her army.
Narrator: [Daenerys turns to face the Unsullied. Kraznys does not notice what happens next, as he is too busy with Drogon]
Daenerys Targaryen: [In Valyrian] Unsullied! Forward march! [they do so] Halt! [They stop]
Master Kraznys: Tell the bitch her beast won't come.
Daenerys Targaryen: [turns to face him, still in Valyrian] A dragon is not a slave.
Master Kraznys: [astonished] You speak Valyrian!?
Daenerys Targaryen: [coldly] I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue. [ Missandei smiles, Dany turns to the Unsullied] Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains of every slave you see!
Narrator: [the Unsullied begin slaughtering the Astapori slavers]
Master Kraznys: (in Valyrian, panicking) I am your master. Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
Daenerys Targaryen: [with a cold smile] Dracarys.
Narrator: [Drogon breathes fire, burning Krasnyz to death]

Dialog #163
Olenna Tyrell: (to her granddaughters, as she sees Varys approaching) Look, little loves- a spider in the garden! Run along now- grow strong! (chuckles as Varys reaches her and the girls leave)
Varys: (bows and smiles at her) My lady, I wanted to personally welcome you to King's Landing; the city has been made brighter by your presence-
Olenna Tyrell: "The city is made brighter by my presence?" (chuckles) Is that your usual line, Lord Varys? (Varys' smile slips a notch) Are you here to seduce me?
Varys: A little obvious, perhaps-
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, please, seduce away! It's been so long (sighs, glances at Vary's crotch)... though I rather think it's all for naught. What happens when the nonexistent bumps against the decrepit? (Varys follows her gaze and then looks quickly back at her, uncomfortable) A question for the philosophers. (Varys nods) But you've come mincing all this way for something, so?...
Varys: Might I sit?
Olenna Tyrell: No. Come, I've heard you're such a clever man- I'm curious why you sought me out.
Varys: You've taken an interest in Sansa Stark.
Olenna Tyrell: Have I? Because I spoke to her once in this garden, and one of your little spies came running to tell you? (Varys smiles) Why shouldn't I take an interest? She's an interesting girl.
Varys: Is she?
Olenna Tyrell: No, not particularly- but she's had an interesting childhood.
Varys: She has, sadly. (pause, pretends to leave) Well, forgive me for wasting your time, then- I thought we shared certain hopes for her well-being.
Olenna Tyrell: (chuckles) Come, come- you surrender rather easily! (gets up and takes Varys' arm) Walk with me- I know the walls have ears, but apparently the shrubbery does, too. (they walk through the gardens)
Varys: I choose my allies carefully- and my enemies, more carefully still.
Olenna Tyrell: Which one is Sansa Stark?
Varys: Neither. A babe lost in the woods. I admired her father.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, Ned Stark had many admirers- and how many of them stepped forward when the executioner came for his head?
Varys: I could not help Lord Stark- perhaps I can help his daughter.
Olenna Tyrell: How?
Varys: (looks uneasy) You're not the only one who's taken an interest in her.
Olenna Tyrell: (scoffs) That's hardly surprising- she's a beautiful girl with a famous name.
Varys: Indeed. She'd make a lovely match for the right suitor.
Olenna Tyrell: It almost feels as though you're about to arrive at your point. (they stop walking)
Varys: Littlefinger is not long for the Capitol. A confindant of mine has told me that when he goes, Sansa Stark goes with him.
Olenna Tyrell: And why have you come to me with this matter?
Varys: (pause) Littlefinger was born with no lands, no wealth, no armies. He has acquired the first two- how long before he has the army? (sees her smile) Perhaps you'll laugh, but I know him better than most- and this is the truth: Littlefinger is one of the most dangerous men in Westeros. If Robb Stark falls, Sansa Stark is the key to the North-
Olenna Tyrell: And if Littlefinger marries her, he'll have the key in his pocket.
Varys: Which seems such a shame- why should a man with such a low reputation steal away such a lovely bride?
Olenna Tyrell: (chuckles) You must despise him- you're working so hard to undermine him.
Varys: (thoughtfully) Actually, I rather enjoy him ...but he would see this whole country burn if he could be King of the ashes.
Olenna Tyrell:...You are a clever man, Lord Varys.
Varys: (bows) You are too kind. I believe I have a possible solution.
Olenna Tyrell: One doesn't have to be clever for that- it's all rather obvious, isn't it? (they keep walking)

Dialog #164
Narrator: [After the funeral, Lord Commander Mormont is sitting at the main hall and checking a map in his journal, while Craster continues to eat and berate the men of the Night's Watch.]
Craster: You have one son, don't you, Mormont? I had my 99th. You ever meet a man with 99 sons?
Narrator: [Mormont shakes his head indifferently.]
Craster: And more daughters than I can count.
Jeor Mormont: [dryly] I'm glad for you.
Narrator: [The other Night Watch's members enter the hall, shivering of the cold weather.]
Craster: Are you now? Me, I'll be glad when you and yours have gone.
Jeor Mormont: As soon as our wounded are strong enough.
Craster: [sneers] Ah. They're as strong as they're gonna get. Them that's dying, why don't you cut their throats and be done with it? Or leave them if you've not the stomach, and I'll sort them myself.
Narrator: [Craster eats. Mormont looks at him with disgust.]
Karl: Whose throat you gonna cut, old man?
Jeor Mormont: Wait outside.
Karl: It's cold outside and there's nothing to eat.
Craster: My wives gave you bread.
Karl: There's sawdust in the bread.
Craster: You don't like it, you go out there and eat the snow.
Karl: [steps forward threateningly] I'd rather eat what you've got hidden away.
Jeor Mormont: [stands] I told you to wait outside.
Rast: [angrily] He's sitting there, drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die!
Narrator: [Craster stands up angrily, throwing the food on the floor.]
Craster: I gave you crows enough. I've got to feed my women!
Rast: So you admit you've got a hidden larder, then? How else'd you make it through winter?
Jeor Mormont: [raises his voice] Enough! Out!
Narrator: [Mormont grabs Rast roughly.]
Craster: [slams his chest] I am a godly man!
Rast: You're a stingy bastard!
Craster: [enraged] Bastard? [Craster takes an axe off the wall.] Out with you, you little thief. [To Karl] And you! [To Eddison Tollett] And you! [Craster looks threateningly at everyone.] Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies. I'll chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard.
Narrator: [A long moment of tension. No one moves. At last Craster lowers his axe. Mormont grabs Rast to lead him out the doorway.]
Karl: [to Craster] You are a bastard.
Narrator: [Craster turns to face Karl.]
Karl: A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard.
Narrator: [Craster snarls in rage and charges at Karl, waving his axe, but Karl is faster. He draws a dagger and shoves it through Craster's jaw. Craster rasps in agony, blood fills his mouth. Karl lets go of Craster, who falls on the ground, straining to breath. Karl strikes one of Craster's wives.]
Jeor Mormont: The gods will curse us for this! By all the laws...
Karl: There are no laws beyond the Wall!
Narrator: [Karl grabs the woman he struck and puts his dagger at her throat.]
Karl: Now show us where he hides the food, or you'll get the same as he did!
Jeor Mormont: [draws his sword] Unhand her!
Narrator: [Karl lets go of the woman and faces Mormont with his dagger]
Jeor Mormont: I shall have your head for this...
Narrator: [Rast stabs Mormont in the back. Mormont gasps and drops his sword. For a moment the men stare in shock, then Grenn yells in rage and charges at Karl, tackling him. A bloody brawl breaks out between the mutineers and the ones who remain loyal to Mormont. Craster lies on the ground unmoving, dead. Mormont turns around to face Rast, grabs him by the throat, lifts him off his feet, then spins him around and hurls him against the opposite wall. Sam does not take part in the fighting, but instead rushes outside to find Gilly. Mormont nearly manages to choke Rast to death, but then the wound he sustained takes its toll. Blood pours from Mormont's mouth. He lets go of Rast and sinks to the ground. Rast recovers, grabs a knife and stabs Mormont repeatedly in the chest until he is dead. Meanwhile, Sam enters the hut where Gilly is with her baby. Gilly helplessly watches the brawl through a crack in the wall.]
Samwell Tarly: Quickly. Quickly.
Gilly: What's happening? I'm not going out there.
Samwell Tarly: No, we have to go. Now!
Narrator: [The baby cries. Gilly picks him. They go outside.]
Gilly: Follow me. I know the best way. Come on.
Narrator: [As the brawl continues, Sam and Gilly escape with her baby. No one takes notice of them except Rast. He comes outside and shouts after Sam.]
Rast: Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! I'll be cutting your throat one of these nights.

Dialog #165
Robb Stark: It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
Rickard Karstark: Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.
Robb Stark: Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield, and Torrhen-
Rickard Karstark: Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.
Robb Stark: [furious] THEY WERE BOYS! Look at them.
Rickard Karstark: Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I. (Catelyn looks down, ashamed)
Robb Stark: My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.
Rickard Karstark: It's treason to free your enemies! In war, you kill your enemies! Did your father not teach you that, boy?!
Narrator: [Brynden Tully punches Karstark in the face]
Robb Stark: Leave him.
Rickard Karstark: Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
Robb Stark: Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.
Karstark soldier: Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone, I only watched for the guards.
Robb Stark: This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
Karstark soldier: Please! Please don't, they made me do it! They made me! They made me...!
Narrator: (The prisoners are dragged out; Robb sits at his desk. His uncle Edmure Tully, and his wife Talisa approach him)
Edmure Tully: Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews; the Lannisters pay their debts - they never stop talking about that.
Robb Stark: Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
Edmure Tully: It wouldn't be lying. We'll bury them and remain silent until the war is done.
Robb Stark: I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how high-born! (Catelyn stands up) He has to die.
Catelyn Stark: The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their Lord--
Talisa Maegyr: Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.
Robb Stark: (stares at her) You tended to their wounds, you brought them supper. Now they're dead.
Talisa Maegyr: And more boys will keep dying until this war is over! You need Karstark men to end it!
Catelyn Stark: Spare his life, keep him as a hostage.
Edmure Tully: (nods) A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed. (Robb ponders their words)

Dialog #166
Rickard Karstark: The blood of the First Men flows in my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin, Stark and Karstark.
Robb Stark: That didn't stop you from betraying me, and it won't save you now.
Rickard Karstark: (sneers) I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days!
Robb Stark: Kneel, my Lord. (Lord Karstark kneels across a stone hedgerow) Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of Gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?
Rickard Karstark: Kill me and be cursed! You are no King of mine! (Robb beheads Lord Karstark with a single blow)

Dialog #167
Narrator: [Robb surveys his map, which displays the Stark forces nearly encircled by the Greyjoy and Tyrell/Lannister forces; his wife Talisa enters]
Talisa Maegyr: Come to bed.
Robb Stark: You were right- the Karstarks are gone. (throws aside the Karstark marker angrily) Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do, to make us unravel: nothing. (Talisa approaches him) Only wait.
Talisa Maegyr: Don't let him.
Robb Stark: (smiles ruefully at her) What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.
Talisa Maegyr: You could ride North- take your lands back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.
Robb Stark: Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again- sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe- they'll never ride south again. (pause, angrily) When I gathered my Lords together, we had a purpose, a mission. Now, we're like a band of bickering children! (pause)
Talisa Maegyr: Give them a new purpose.
Robb: What?
Talisa Maegyr: I don't know. (squeezes his arm, looks at the map) I don't even know where Winterfell is.
Robb Stark: (smiles) Here. (takes her hand and indicates Winterfell) We are here. (indicates Riverrun) King's Landing is here. (indicates the capitol; as Talisa turns to kiss him he pauses, realizing something)
Talisa Maegyr: What is it?
Robb Stark: (pause) I can't force them to meet us in the field, and I can't attack them where they're strongest- but I can attack them where they're not. (moves his Stark markers towards Casterly Rock) And Casterly Rock can't run away. (removes the one Lannister marker on Casterly Rock, with relish) I'm going to take their home away from them.
Talisa Maegyr: (smiles) Can you do it?
Robb Stark: I need men, to replace the Karstarks who marched home. There is only one person in this Kingdom with that kind of army who hasn't already sided with the Lannisters. (smiles grimly) The man whose daughter I was supposed to marry: Walder Frey.

Dialog #168
Narrator: [Ser Jorah Mormont and Ser Barristan Selmy reminisce about their past battles, as the Unsullied march alongside them)
Jorah Mormont: It was a bitch of a siege. (Referring to the Siege of Pyke in the Greyjoy Rebellion)
Barristan Selmy: Mmm- you were first through the breach at Pyke.
Jorah Mormont: The second. Thoros of Myr went in alone, waving that flaming sword of his-
Barristan Selmy: (chuckles) Thoros of Myr! Bloody madman! Robert knighted you, after the battle.
Jorah Mormont: Proudest moment of my life. One knee in the dust, the King's sword on my shoulder, listening to the words "In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave"... All I could think about was how badly I had to piss. (Ser Barristan laughs) In full plate armor for sixteen hours- never occurred to me 'till the battle was nearly over. I was very nearly the first man knighted to piss on the King's boots!
Barristan Selmy: (chuckles) Robert would have laughed, if you had. He was a good man, a great warrior, and a terrible King. I've worked away my years, fighting for terrible Kings.
Jorah Mormont: You swore an oath.
Barristan Selmy: Yes, and a man of honor keeps his vows, even if he's serving a drunk or a lunatic. Just once in my life, before it's over, I want to know what it's like to serve with pride. To fight for someone I believe in. (nods towards Daenerys, who is dismounting alongside Missandei) Do you believe in her?
Jorah Mormont: (follows Ser Barristan's gaze) With all my heart.

Dialog #169
Daenerys Targaryen: These are the ones?
Missandei: Yes, Khaleesi- the officers. (a small formation of Unsullied march forward and halt before Daenerys)
Daenerys Targaryen: (speaking Valyrian) You did not choose this life. But you are free men now, and free men make their own choices. Have you selected a leader from within your ranks? (the Unsullied split their formation to reveal their leader, Grey Worm) Remove your helmet. (he sticks his spear in the ground, removes his helmet, and marches to Daenerys)
Grey Worm: (also speaking Valyrian) This one has the honor.
Daenerys Targaryen: What is your name?
Grey Worm: Grey Worm.
Daenerys Targaryen: (surprised) "Grey Worm"? (turns to Missandei)
Missandei: (in Common Tongue, sadly) All Unsullied boys are given new names when they are cut- Grey Worm, Red Flea, Black Rat- names that remind them what they are. Vermin. (Daenerys stares at Grey Worm and his officers, filled with pity and rage)
Daenerys Targaryen: (to Grey Worm and the officers)...From this day forward, you will choose your own names. You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same. Throw away your slave name. Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other. A name that gives you pride.
Grey Worm: ..."Grey Worm" gives me pride. It is a lucky name. The name this one was born with was cursed. That was the name he had when he was taken as a slave. But, "Grey Worm" is the name this one had, the day Daenerys Stormborn set him free. (Daenerys stares at him, moved by his loyalty)

Dialog #170
Jorah Mormont: King Robert wanted her dead.
Barristan Selmy: Of course he wanted her dead. She's a Targaryen- the last Targaryen.
Jorah Mormont: (glances carefully at Ser Barristan, trying to gauge how much he knew about Jorah's previous spying) I suppose no one on the Small Council could speak sense to him?
Barristan Selmy: I didn't sit on the Small Council.
Jorah Mormont: No? Doesn't the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard traditionally-
Barristan Selmy: (dryly) Traditionally, yes- but I killed a dozen of Robert's friends, during his rebellion. He didn't want advice on how to govern from a man who'd fought for the Mad King. (they remount and ride on) Can't say I minded, much- I always hated the policies.
Jorah Mormont: I imagine I would, too- always spent jabbering about backstabbings and betrayals the world over?
Barristan Selmy: Mm-hm. (Jorah glances away, content Ser Barristan doesn't know about his past)
Jorah Mormont: Still, she'll have to wade through that muck, if she wants to rule the Seven Kingdoms.
Barristan Selmy: She'll have good men around her to advise her- men with experience. (Jorah looks at him sharply)
Jorah Mormont: Which men did you have in mind?
Barristan Selmy: Well, forgive me, Ser Jorah, for what I'm about to say, but... your reputation in Westeros has suffered over the years.
Jorah Mormont: (nods, conceding the point) It's suffered for a reason- I sold men into slavery.
Barristan Selmy: I don't know if your presence by her side will help our cause, when we go home-
Jorah Mormont: (scoffs) "Our" cause? Forgive me, Ser Barristan, but I was busy defending the Khaleesi against King Robert's assassins while you were still bowing to the man!
Barristan Selmy: (they both stop their horses) We both want her to rule- am I wrong?
Jorah Mormont: You only joined us a few weeks ago. I can't speak for your true intentions.
Barristan Selmy: (impatiently) If we are truly her loyal servants, we will do what needs to be done- no matter the cost, no matter our pride-
Jorah Mormont: You're not Lord Commander here. You're just another exile- and I take my orders from the Queen. (rides past Ser Barristan)

Dialog #171
Jaime Lannister: [steps into a bath with Brienne] If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.
Brienne of Tarth: Why should I care how you die?
Jaime Lannister: You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. [nods to his severed hand] Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him- [Brienne rises from the bath in anger] That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most-
Brienne of Tarth: Don't you mock me.
Jaime Lannister: I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.
Brienne of Tarth: [sinks back into the bath] You need trust to have a truce.
Jaime Lannister: I trust you. [sees Brienne staring] There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. A man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?
Brienne of Tarth: Of course.
Jaime Lannister: The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city. beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. "You can trust the Lannisters," he said. "The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown." So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to... bring him my father's head. Then he... turned to his pyromancer. "Burn them all," he said. "Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds." Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then? [Brienne stares at him in stunned silence] First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. "Burn them all," he kept saying. "Burn them all." I don't think he expected to die. He- he meant to... burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me.
Brienne of Tarth: If this is true... why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
Jaime Lannister: Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right!? [collapses, Brienne supports him]
Brienne of Tarth: Help! Help! The Kingslayer!
Jaime Lannister: Jaime. My name is Jaime.

Dialog #172
Tormund Giantsbane: Orrel says there are Crows patrolling on the Wall- tell him what you know. (watches Jon)
Jon Snow: (nods, looks away) There are four to a patrol- two Builders to check for structural damage, two Rangers to watch for enemies.
Orell: How often do these patrols go out?
Jon Snow:...It varies. If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you-
Orell: (sneers) You'd like to know that. (Jon glares at him) There are nineteen castles guarding the Wall. How many are manned?
Jon Snow: Three.
Orell: You sure of that? (Jon nods) Which three?
Jon Snow: Castle Black-
Orell: Aye, Castle Black- everyone knows Castle Black. Which others?
Jon Snow:...Eastwatch-by-the-Sea... and the Shadow Tower.
Tormund Giantsbane: How many men remain in Castle Black?
Jon Snow: A thousand-
Orell: Liar. (angrily, Jon drops the firewood he's carrying and steps towards Orell, his hand on Longclaw)
Jon Snow: (sneering) What happens to your eagle after I kill you?! Does he drift away, like a kite with the strings cut- or does he just flop dead to the ground? (Ygritte steps towards them)
Ygritte: (to Orell) He's no Crow.
Orell: Just 'cause you want him inside of you don't make him one of us.
Ygritte: (draws her dagger and holds it against Orell's chest) I'm not afraid of you. (Orell starts advancing on her angrily, but Tormund grabs him and throws him to the ground)
Tormund Giantsbane: (steps towards Jon)...I like you, boy. But, if you lie to me, I'll pull your guts out through your throat.
Jon Snow: ...A thousand men. (he and Tormund stare each other down as Orell gets up)
Tormund Giantsbane: ...We'll find out soon enough.

Dialog #173
Tywin Lannister: You're late.
Tyrion Lannister: (glares at Cersei) What's she doing here?
Tywin Lannister: Our business concerns her as well. Sit. (Tyrion sits across from Cersei)
Tyrion Lannister: You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the Crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.
Tywin Lannister: Never mind that now- we have something important to discuss.
:Tyrion Lannister: I'm Master of Coin- saving money is important. (glares at Cersei, who is smiling mischievously at him) Stop that. It's making me uncomfortable.
Tywin Lannister: Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Sir Loras.
Tyrion Lannister: Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras' favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.
Tywin Lannister: Your jokes are not appreciated.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't my best, but--
Tywin Lannister: I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.
Tywin Lannister: The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.
Tyrion Lannister: The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?
Tywin Lannister: There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.
Tyrion Lannister: And how do we do that?
Tywin Lannister: We find Sansa Stark a different husband.
Tyrion Lannister: Wonderful.
Cersei Lanniser: [smiling] Yes, it is.
Tyrion Lannister: [after a long silence] You can't mean it.
Tywin Lannister: I can and I do.
Tyrion Lannister: Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel even for you.
Tywin Lannister: Do you intend on mistreating her? The girl's happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours.
Tyrion Lannister: She's a child!
Cersei Lannister: She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.
Tywin Lannister: There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.
Tyrion Lannister: And if I refuse?
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.
Tyrion Lannister: [furious ] I was wed.(Tywin glares at him) Or don't you remember?
Tywin Lannister: (gritting his teeth with rage) Only too well.
Cersei Lannister: You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.
Tywin Lannister: Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.
Cersei Lannister: What do you mean?
Tywin Lannister: You'll marry Ser Loras.
Cersee Lannister: I will not.
Tywin Lannister: The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.
Cersei Lannnister: No, I won't do it.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.
Cersei Lannister: [furious] I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare!
Tywin Lannister: [shouting] YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.
Cersei Lannnister: Father, don't make me do it again, please.
Tywin Lannister: Not another word. [rises from his seat] My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long.

Dialog #174
Roose Bolton: (as Brienne and Jaime dine with him) I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.
Brienne of Tarth: (sarcastically) Yes- most kind of them! (next to her, Jaime is fumbling at cutting his food one-handed) You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton- I'm acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing.
Roose Bolton: When King Robb left Harrenhall, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason. (Brienne takes pity on Jaime and helps him cut his meat; Roose smiles slightly) I should send you back to Robb Stark.
Jaime Lannister: You should- but instead, you're sitting here, watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?
Roose Bolton: (shrugs) Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.
Jaime Lannister: We both know who would pay the most. (pause) He'll make you pay the most, if he found out you'd captured me and sent me back up North for a summary execution.
Roose Bolton: (shrugs, raises an eyebrow) You're right- perhaps, the safest course is to kill you both and burn your bodies. (Brienne grabs a knife, Jaime puts out his hand to stop her)
Jaime Lannister: It would be- if you honestly believe my father would never find out about it.
Roose Bolton: King Robb is keeping your father quite busy- he doesn't have time for anything else.
Jaime Lannister: (smiles coldly)...He'll make time for you.
Roose Bolton:...As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing- as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. (nods at Jaime's missing hand) And you will swear to tell your father the truth- that I had nothing to do with your maiming.
Jaime Lannister: (nods slowly, picks up a wine-jug and offers to fill Roose's cup)...Shall we drink on it?
Roose Bolton: (covers his cup with his hand) I don't partake.
Jaime Lannister: (shrugs, refills Brienne's cup and his own) You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people? Very well. (toasts Brienne) My lady- may our journey continue without further incident.
Roose Bolton: Oh, she won't be going with you. (Brienne looks up at him sharply)
Brienne of Tarth: I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to-
Roose Bolton: You are charged with abetting treason.
Jaime Lannister: I'm afraid I must insist-
Roose Bolton: You're in no place to insist on anything. (nods at Jaime's injury) I would've hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position.

Dialog #175
Olenna Tyrell: Impossible
Tywin Lannister: ...Why? (pours wine)
Olenna Tyrell: My grandson is the pride of Highgarden, the most desirable bachelor in the whole Seven Kingdoms! Your daughter-
Tywin Lannister: is rich, the most beautiful woman in the whole Seven Kingdoms- (walks over and hands her a cup of wine)- and the mother of the king. (turns away)
Olenna Tyrell: Old.
Tywin Lannister: (turns around)...Old?
Olenna Tyrell: (smiles mockingly, nods) Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. (Tywin stares at her, then moves to his desk and sits across from her) Her change will be upon her, before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then- you men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely. (chuckles)
Tywin Lannister: (smiles wryly) Oh, the years punish us as well, I promise you that. (takes a drink) My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's... nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, not at all! A sword-swallower, through and through. (takes a drink)
Tywin Lannister: (curtly) Well, a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the Seven Kingdoms, and remove the stain from his name. (takes a drink)
Olenna Tyrell: Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stableboys?
Tywin Lannister: (confused) Of course...
Olenna Tyrell: And you... never...
Tywin Lannister: (realizes what she's getting at, turns angry) No.
Olenna Tyrell: (grins mischievously) Not once? Not in any way?
Tywin Lannister: (sharply) Never. (takes a drink)
Olenna Tyrell: I congratulate you on your restraint! But, it's a natural enough thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.
Tywin Lannister: (contemptuously) Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.
Olenna Tyrell: (smiles coldly) I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves into knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but... brothers and sisters... where I come from, that stain would be very difficuly to wash out.
Tywin Lannister: (angrily) I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it. (stands up, walks to the window to refill his cup)
Olenna Tyrell: Lie or not, you must admit that many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells, thanks to our new affiliation.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care what people believe- and neither do you. (he moves to refill Olenna's cup, but Olenna covers it with her hand)
Olenna Tyrell: (laughs) As an authority on myself, I must disagree!
Tywin Lannister: (moves around the desk) Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no King at all- and House Tyrell is throwing it's prize flower into the dirt.
Olenna Tyrell: And, if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we are throwing another "prize flower" into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take!
Tywin Lannister: (smiles coldly) The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable? All right- I'll remove it for you. (goes around the desk, sits down) If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. (Olenna stares at him) And, I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard's vows. He will never marry, he will never have children, the Tyrell name will fade- and Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.
Olenna Tyrell: (staring at him curiously) You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
Tywin Lannister: I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior- who takes his vows seriously. (dips his quill in the ink) So- shall I draw up the order- or do you consent to this match?
Olenna Tyrell: (sets her wineglass down, stands up and smiles graciously, conceding defeat) It's a rare enough thing- a man who lives up to his reputation. (plucks the quill from Tywin's fingers and snaps it in half)

Dialog #176
Tormund Giantsbane: Used to be that you couldn't find a tree within a mile of the Wall- Crows'd come out every morning, with axes.
Orrell: (to Jon, mockingly) Your flock gets smaller every year. (walks on with Tormund)
Jon Snow: (to Ygritte)...Have you ever climbed it before?
Ygritte: No- but Tormund's done it half a hundred times. (notices Jon staring up at the Wall) You're afraid.
Jon Snow: (smiles) Aren't you?
Ygritte: Aye. Well, it's a long way up, and a long way down, but... I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. (Jon glances at her and she smiles, pulling out a set of climbing spikes) Here, sit down- brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.
Jon Snow: You kill someone for them?
Ygritte: (smiles) Nah. I didn't kill him- but I bet his balls are still bruised. (Jon chuckles and starts tying on the climbing spikes) He wasn't good to me, the way you're good to me- and he didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.
Jon Snow: (glances around hastily) Hey, can we not talk about that here?
Ygritte: "Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow- I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls!"
Jon Snow: (grins) Did I seem scared the other day?
Ygritte: (laughs) Oh, you were tremblin' like a leaf.
Jon Snow: Only in the beginning. (Ygritte looks at him and smiles)
Ygritte: (nods)...Only in the beginning. (Jon looks away from her) You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And, don't worry- your secret's safe with me.
Jon Snow: (looks up at her) What secret?
Ygritte: (stares at him) D'you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? (Jon smiles and looks away) You're loyal, and you're brave...You didn't stop being a Crow, the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent. (Jon pauses, she comes close to him) But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. (Jon looks at her) You're goin' to be loyal to your woman. (she finishes tying the spikes on his boots) The Night's Watch don't care, if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies, and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down. (pause) But it's you and me that matters- me and you. (pause) Don't ever betray me.
Jon Snow: (turns back to her, squeezes her hand)...I won't.
Ygritte: (jokingly)...Because, I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round me neck. ( Tormund comes back over to them and offers Jon an ice-axe, which Jon takes)
Tormund Giantsbane: (puts his hand on Jon's shoulder) Sink your metal deep- and make sure it holds, before taking your next step. (jokingly) And, if you fall, don't scream. (chuckles) You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers, eh?

Dialog #177
Narrator: [Ramsay Snow blows on a trumpet, awakening Theon, who is hanging from a rack]
Ramsay: Sorry. Were you sleeping?
Theon: Wa...
Ramsay: Wa? Wa? Water! You want some water.
Narrator: [Ramsay grabs a cup of water]
Ramsay: I wish I had some for you.
Narrator: [Ramsay pours the water on the ground in front of an anguished Theon. Ramsay walks up to him]
Ramsay: So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?
Theon: Please...
Ramsay: Please is not a body part.
Theon: I'll tell you everything, please...
Ramsay: But you already told me everything, remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though: the Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you. Now, how about your little finger? You don't need that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that.
Narrator: [Ramsay begins loosening the binds on Theon's right hand]
Ramsay: You've been wondering why you're here, haven't you? Where you are, who I am, why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the Old Gods and the New, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you, and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger!
Theon: If I win, you'll let me go?
Ramsay: If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
Theon: Please...
Ramsay: [pulling out a knife] You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?
Theon: The North.
Ramsay: Too vague.
Theon: Deepwood Motte.
Ramsay: Terrible guess!
Narrator: [Ramsay jams the knife in Theon's little finger. Theon groans in pain]
Ramsay: Now where?
Theon: Last Hearth.
Ramsay: Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
Narrator: [Ramsay moves the blade around]
Theon: Aaaah, the Karhold!
Ramsay: Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
Theon: No, it was just a guess.
Ramsay: Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?
Theon: Torrhen Karstark.
Ramsay: He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.
Ramsay: He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark.
Narrator: [A defeated Ramsay sits back down]
Theon: You swore to tell me if I-!
Ramsay: You're right.
Theon: Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.
Ramsay: Yes. You win.
Narrator: [Theon breathes a sigh of relief. Suddenly, Ramsay springs back to his feet]
Ramsay: Of course you forgot to ask one question. You forgot to ask if I'm a liar!
Narrator: [Ramsay sticks his knife back into Theon's little finger, causing Theon to scream in agony]
Ramsay: I'm afraid I am.
Narrator: [Ramsay begins carving Theon's skin on his little finger]
Ramsay: Everything I told you is a lie.
Narrator: [Ramsay begins to peel off Theon's little finger skin. Theon screams in absolute pain]
Ramsay: This isn't happening to you for a reason. Well, one reason: I enjoy it.
Theon: PLEASE CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Ramsay: I win.

Dialog #178
Edmure Tully: (to Robb, on Walder Frey) Why should I let that old ferret choose my bride for me? At the very least, I should be offered the same choice you were- I'm his liege-lord!
Robb Stark: He's a proud man, and we've wounded him-
Edmure Tully: I didn't wound him. (gets up, walks to the window) My answer is no. (Brynden "Blackfish" Tully gets up and approaches him aggressively)
Brynden Tully: Listen to me- and listen very carefully: You are-
Edmure Tully: The laws of Gods and men are very clear: "No man may compel another man to marry."
Brynden Tully: The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth!
Robb Stark: It's all right- you heard him. If you refuse, our alliance with the Freys is dead.
Edmure Tully: He's wanted me for one of his daughters since I was twelve! (goes over to the table) He's not gonna stop wanting me now! When I say no, he will come back and offer me a daughter of my choosing.
Catelyn Stark: You're willing to risk our freedom and our lives for a chance at a prettier wife?! (Edmure continues to look defiant)
Robb Stark: I have a war to fight! We can't win it without them- we have no time to haggle! (pause) You said you wanted to make amends for the stone-mill.
Brynden Tully: (mockingly) You recall that heroic engagement?
Edmure Tully: ...I had- something less... permanent in mind-
Robb Stark: I've won every battle. But I'm losing this war. If we don't do this, and do it now, we're lost.
Edmure Tully:...I'll marry her.
Robb Stark: (smiles gratefully) You're paying for my sins, Uncle. It's not fair, all right- I'll remember it.

Dialog #179
Narrator: [Littlefinger is sitting, staring at the Iron Throne]
Varys: A thousand blades. Taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.
Littlefinger: There aren't a thousand blades. There aren't even two hundred. I've counted.
Varys: Heh. I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing.
Littlefinger: Yet it has a certain... appeal.
Varys: The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame that you had to settle for your second choice.
Littlefinger: Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really, you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.
Varys: Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you... although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then.
Littlefinger: [stepping down from the dais] You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells... if, I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakeable sense of... enjoyment there. But your confidante, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.
Varys: [angrily] I did what I did for the good of the realm.
Littlefinger: The realm. Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies, a story we agreed to tell each other over and over 'till we forget that it's a lie.
Varys: But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.
Littlefinger: Chaos... isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some, who are given the chance to climb, they refuse. They cling to the realm. Or the gods. Or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.

Dialog #180
Ygritte: How far are we?
Jon Snow: 'Bout a week, I think.
Ygritte: You think? You don't know?
Jon Snow: When we went to Castle Black, we took the Kingsroad.
Ygritte: (scoffs) You and your roads (sits down) Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down a road, banging drums and waving banners?
Jon Snow: (smiles, sits down) Most of the time, yes.
Ygritte:...How do the men holding the banners fight?
Jon Snow: They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry a house sigil.
Ygritte: (grins) And the drummers? Is that a great honor too?
Jon Snow: Usually, it's the young boys bangin' the drums.
Ygritte: What good are they?
Jon Snow: They help the men march.
Ygritte: How?
Jon Snow: Well, it's- it's the rhythm
Ygritte: (laughing) What, you mean- right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot-(mimics marching) What, you need help remembering that? (pause) When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let 'em know we're coming. (gets up)
Jon Snow: (stands) No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen- to let them know you're coming.
Ygritte:...You know nothing, Jon Snow. (she walks on)
Orrell: She's right- you don't. (walks up behind Jon, who turns towards him angrily)
Jon Snow: (coldly) I know you cut me loose on the Wall.
Orrell: Cut her loose, too. Do you see her sulking about it? That's because she understands the way things are.
Jon Snow: (steps closer, mockingly)...And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird?
Orrell:...People work together, when it suits 'em. They're loyal when it suits 'em. They love each other when it suits 'em- and they kill each other, when it suits 'em. (pause) She knows that, you don't- which is why you'll never hold onto her. (walks on)

Dialog #181
Missandei: Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace. [to Razdal] Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: [to Razdal] You may approach. Sit.
Missandei: Will the noble lord take refreshment? (Razdahl nods and takes an offered cup of wine)
Razdal: Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.
Razdal: [nods] If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen. [slaves bring in two chests of gold] There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.
Daenerys Targaryen: My ship?
Razdal: Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what do you ask in return?
Razdal: All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.
Daenerys Targaryen: I have a gift for you as well. Your life.
Razdal: My life?
Daenerys Targaryen: And the lives of your Wise Masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.
Razdal: You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well. [One of Daenerys' dragons screeches] You swore me safe conduct.
Daenerys Targaryen: I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.
Razdal: [to his slaves] Take the gold.
Narrator: [Daenerys' dragons screech and the slaves back away]
Daenerys Targaryen: My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out. [Razdal leaves]
Barristan Selmy: The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what happens to things that don't bend?

Dialog #182
Osha: (stares mistrustfully at Jojen, who is talking with Bran as she, Meera and Hodor make camp) What's he goin' on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat, while we do all the work?
Hodor: (stares at her for a moment)...Hodor. (Osha walks over towards Jojen, Bran and Meera)
Jojen Reed: That's where we are-
Osha: (sharply) What are you tellin' him?
Brandon Stark: It's all right, Osha-
Osha: It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic? Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse?
Meera Reed: (rolls her eyes) Leave him alone.
Osha: (glares at her) He can speak for himself. ('looks at Jojen)
Jojen Reed:...I don't fill his head with anything.
Osha: So what d'you talk about?
Jojen Reed: What's happening to him, and...what that means.
Osha: Go on, then. Tell us what it means.
Jojen Reed: It's not like that. I wish that I could tell him all the answers; it would be much easier.
Osha: (points at Bran) I don't want you talking to him anymore- until we get to your brother at Castle Black. (turns away)
Jojen Reed: We're not going to Castle Black-
Osha: (whirls around) What did you say?
Jojen Reed: I told you already- Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the Raven, beyond the Wall-
Osha: (comes back towards them, furious) Oh, no- I'm not going back there! Your brother is at Castle Black- that's where we're going! (kneels in front of Bran) Look at me. (Bran does)
Brandon Stark:...The raven's been coming to me, ever since I fell from that tower. (Osha sighs) He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore! This is what I have, now.
Osha: (puts her hand on his arm) You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black, so you can get back to them- where you belong-
Brandon Stark: What if I belong in the North? What if...I fell from that tower for a reason?
Osha: (glares at Jojen) Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened, because the Gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little Lord, but the Gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you, or me, or anyone.
Brandon Stark: You don't understand- you don't know-
Osha: (stands up angrily) You don't know! None of you know- none of you have been up there! (her voice begins to break) I had a man, once- a good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his, and he was mine. But one night, Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him- he'd never leave me. Not for long. I knew he'd come back- and he did. He came in through the back of the hut. (sits down) Only, he wasn't Bruni- not really. His skin was... pale, like a dead man's- his eyes, bluer than clear sky. (the others stare at her) He came at me, grabbed me by the neck, and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife, but when I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. (pause) And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down, with him inside. (pause) I didn't ask the Gods what it meant. I didn't need to. It meant the North was no place for men to be- not anymore. (stands up) I promised your Maester I'd get you to Castle Black- and no further.

Dialog #183
Tywin Lannister: (stops at the base of the steps leading to the Iron Throne, bows his head slightly) Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Grandfather.
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to speak to me?
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes! I'd like a report on the meetings of my Small Council.
Tywin Lannister: You're welcome to attend the meetings of your Small Council, Your Grace- any or all of them.
Joffrey Baratheon: (lamely) I've been very busy- many important matters require a King's attention!
Tywin Lannister:...Of course.
Joffrey Baratheon:...You've been holding the Small Council meetings in the Tower of the Hand, instead of the Small Council Chamber.
Tywin Lannister: I have, yes.
Joffrey Baratheon: (impatient)...May I ask why?
Tywin Lannister: The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time- time I could otherwise spend productively-
Joffrey Baratheon: So, if I wanted to attend one of my Small Council meetings, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand?! (Tywin's expression grows cold; he climbs the steps of the dais and stands menacingly in front of Joffrey, who fidgets nervously on the Iron Throne.
Tywin Lannister: (contemptuously) ...We could arrange to have you carried. (Joffrey looks away, unable to openly challenge his grandfather)
Joffrey Baratheon:...Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the East, and her dragons.
Tywin Lannister: (surprised) Where did you hear about this?
Joffrey Baratheon: Is it true?
Tywin Lannister: Apparently so.
Joffrey Baratheon: (growing impatient again) Don't you think we ought to do something about it?
Tywin Lannister: When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room- and the skull of the last of them was right here. (gestures next to the throne) It was the size of an apple.
Joffrey Baratheon: And the biggest was the size of a carriage!
Tywin Lannister: Yes- and the creature to whom it belonged died three hundred years ago! Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us-
Joffrey Baratheon: But how do we know these dragons are...curiosities, and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?!
Tywin Lannister: Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the Realm- by counseling the King, on matters about which he knows nothing.
Joffrey Baratheon: But I haven't been counseled!
Tywin Lannister:...You are being counseled at this very moment.
Joffrey Baratheon: (cowed)...I should be consulted, about such things.
Tywin Lannister: From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters..whenever necessary. (starts to walk away, then turns back and bows his head somewhat mockingly) Your Grace. (smiles slightly to himself as he leaves the Throne Room)

Dialog #184
Qyburn:(while treating the stump of Jaime's hand) The only way to understand it is to study the afflicted.
Jaime Lannister: (stares at him) You performed experiments on living men-
Qyburn: On dying men-
Jaime Lannister: Without permission.
Qyburn: My studies have given me insights that have helped me save many lives-
Jaime Lannister: Dying paupers, I assume- men with no families to complain. (angrily) You found them moaning in the poor house, had them carted back to your garret, and opened up their bellies to see what was inside.
Qyburn: (looks at him calmly) How many men have you killed, my Lord? (Jaime is caught off-guard)
Jaime Lannister: (shrugs)...I don't know.
Qyburn: Fifty? (Jaime shakes his head) One hundred? (Jaime shrugs, Qyburn nods knowingly) Countless.
Jaime Lannister:...Countless has a nice ring to it.
Qyburn: (smugly) And how many lives have you saved?
Jaime Lannister:...Half a million. (Qyburn looks up at him, shocked) The population of King's Landing.

Dialog #185
Locke: (watching Brienne in a gladiator pit, facing a bear) Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight! (Jaime appears, followed by Qyburn and a Bolton bodyguard, Steelshanks)
Jaime Lannister: (horrified and furious) A wooden sword?! (Locke glances over at him)
Locke: Thought you'd gone-
Jaime Lannister: You gave her a wooden sword! (shoves past the Bolton bannermen)
Locke: I've only got one bear.
Jaime Lannister: I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want- just get her out of there!
Locke: (sneering) All you Lords and Ladies. You still think that the only thing that matters is gold. (grabs the stump of Jaime's wrist and lifts it in front of him) Well, this makes me happier than all your gold ever could- and that (points at Brienne's predicament) makes me happier than all her sapphires. So- go buy yourself a golden hand, and fuck yourself with it! (turns away)

Dialog #186
Jaime Lannister: Get behind me.
Brienne of Tarth: I will not. (Jaime yanks her behind him anyway. The bear slowly advances on them, growling and scratching the ground aggressively. Suddenly, a crossbow bolt hits it in the shoulder, fired by Steelshanks)
Locke: (furious) The FUCK you doin' to my bear?!
Steelshanks: (reloading his crossbow hastily) Lord Bolton charged me with bringin' him back to King's Landing- alive! An' that's what I intend to do! (Jaime pulls Brienne to the side of the pit while the bear is distracted and in pain)
Jaime Lannister: Pull her up! (two of the Bolton men do so; the bear starts to advance on Jaime, who doesn't take his eyes off it)
Brienne of Tarth: Hold my legs! (the two Bolton men dangle her over the edge as she reaches out to Jaime. As he starts trying to climb one-handed, the bear charges; Jaime's bodyguard fires but misses. Jaime is left dangling just above the bear's open jaws; he finally manages to take Brienne's hand) Pull me back! (the Bolton bannermen pull them both up; other begin to boo at them. Jaime, lying on the rim of the pit, looks up to see Locke glaring down at him)
Locke:...The bitch stays. (Jaime gets up, with difficulty)
Jaime Lannister: I'm taking her to King's Landing- unless you kill me. (Locke clearly wants to do just that; several of his men draw up behind him, aggressively)
Locke: She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders-
Jaime Lannister: What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward- or ensuring that Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive? (Brienne stares at Locke in disgust. After a long, tense pause, Locke's men take their hands off their weapons; Locke angrily does the same)...Well, we must be on our way. (starts to go, then pauses and leans towards Locke, mockingly) Sorry about the sapphires. (he and Brienne walk away, followed by Steelshanks and Qyburn)

Dialog #187
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace, allow me to present the Captains of the Second Sons: Mero of Braavos, Prendahl Na Ghezn, and...
Daario Naharis: (smiles at Dany and bows his head slightly) Daario Naharis.
Mero: (swaggers forward and grins contemptuously at Dany) You're the mother of Dragons? (Dany smiles back) I swear I fucked you, once, in a pleasure house in Lhys-
Jorah Mormont: (angrily) Mind your tongue.
Mero: Why? I didn't mind hers. (sits down on the sofa across from Dany and waggles his tongue at her) She licked my ass like she was born to do it. (grins at her, then gestures to Missandei) You, slave girl- bring wine.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, but coldly) We have no slaves here.
Mero: You'll all be slaves after the battle, unless I save you. (gestures with his chin) Take your clothes off, and come and sit on Mero's lap, and I may give you my Second Sons.
Daenerys Targaryen: Give me your Second Sons, and I may not have you gelded. (Mero scoffs as Missandei pours wine) Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
Barristan Selmy: Under two thousand, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sarcastically) We have more, don't we?
Barristan Selmy: Ten thousand Unsullied.
Daenerys Targaryen: (still sarcastic) I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned Captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us?
Daario Naharis: (smiles) I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. (Dany looks at him) You have eight thousand Unsullied. (nods respectfully to her)
Daenerys Targaryen: (sizes Daario up) ...You're very young, to be a Captain.
Prendahl Na Ghezn: (sharply) He isn't a Captain- he's a lieutenant.
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks from Prendahl to Daario, who smiles at her) Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.
Mero: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.
Jorah Mormont: (smirks) The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run. (Dany smiles at him)
Daenerys Targaryen: Or, you could fight for me.
Mero: (gestures for Missandei to refill his cup) We've taken the slavers' gold- we fight for Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: I would pay you as much, and more. (Mero sniffs Missandei as she pours wine, Missande jumps back with a look of fear and disgust)
Prendahl Na Ghezn: Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.
Daenerys Targaryen: (eagerly) Ride with me, and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing, when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.
Daario Naharis: You have no ships, you have no siege weapons- you have no cavalry.
Daenerys Targaryen:(looks directly at him) A fortnight ago, I had no army- a year ago, I had no dragons. (Daario smiles, impressed; Dany turns back to Mero) You have two days to decide.
Merot: (frowns for a moment, pretending to take her seriously)...Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for- (Jorah stiffens angrily)
Grey Worm: (harshly, in Valyrian) My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you? (reaches for the bronze dagger in his belt)
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, replies in Valyrian) These men are our guests. (turns back to Mero) You seem to be enjoying my wine- perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you think it over?
Mero: Only a flagon? And what are my brothers-in-arms to drink?
Daenerys Targaryen: A barrel, then?
Mero: Good! The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone (gets up, smiles mockingly) In the Second Sons, we share everything- maybe after the battle, we'll all share you. (Dany smirks back at him, noticing Daario smiling at her as he leaves. Mero goes up to Missandei) I'll come looking for you after this is over. (slaps her rear end and leaves, Missandei, disgusted, looks up at Dany, whose smile has vanished)
Daenerys Targaryen: (coldly) Ser Barristan- if it comes to battle, kill that one first.
Barristan Selmy: Gladly, Your Grace.

Dialog #188
Joffrey Baratheon: Congratulations, my lady.
Sansa Stark: Thank you, your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: We've done it. You've married a Lannister! Soon you will have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day!
Sansa Stark: Yes, your grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you.
Narrator: [Sansa is visibly unnerved]
Joffrey Baratheon: Maybe I'll pay you a visit after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that?
Narrator: [Sansa doesn't answer.]
Joffrey Baratheon: You wouldn't? Well, that's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boris will hold you down.
Narrator: [Joffrey turns to the crowd and claps his hands.]
Joffrey Baratheon: Time for the bedding ceremony!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey: (leading Sansa by the hand) Where's your respect for tradition, uncle?! Come, everyone! Pick her up, and carry her to her wedding bed! Get rid of her gown, she won't be needing it any longer! (A visibly horrified Sansa crosses her arms as Joffrey points towards Tyrion.) Ladies! Attend to my uncle, he's not heavy!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey Baratheon: (annoyed) There will be if I command it!
Narrator: [Tyrion angrily slams his dagger into the table, startling Joffrey, and eliciting horrified silence from the wedding-goers]
Tyrion Lannister: (furious) Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock!
Narrator: [Tywin, sensing danger, gets to his feet.]
Joffrey: [Shocked, and seething] What did you say?... What...Did you. SAY!?
Narrator: [Tyrion glares back at him, both of them shaking with rage.]
Tywin Lannister: I believe we can dispense with the bedding ceremony, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king. (Tyrion visibly swallows his anger and grins)
Tyrion Lannister: (laughs) A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small, my poor wife won't even know I'm there.
Tywin Lannister: Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.
Tyrion Lannister: I am...guilty. (Drinks more wine.) But... (gets out of his chair, clumsily) But, it is my wedding night. My tiny junk cock and I have a job to do. (Tyrion staggers around the table, bumps into it and turns to Sansa.) Come wife. (Sansa hastily moves away from Joffrey and follows Tyrion) I vomited on a girl once. Middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife. Don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it- put you in the mood.
Narrator: [Tyrion and Sansa leave for their bed-chamber as the crowd looks on, mumbling over what just happened.]

Dialog #189
Sansa Stark:...Is that wise, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: Tyrion, Sansa- my name is Tyrion. (pours himself a cup)
Sansa Stark:...Is that wise, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles ironically) Nothing was ever wiser. (staggers over to a sofa, sits upright with difficulty, and looks at Sansa, who is looking around the room nervously) Astoundingly long...
Sansa Stark: What?
Tyrion Lannister:...Neck. You have one. (sips from his cup) How old are you, exactly?
Sansa Stark: Fourteen. (Tyrion stares at her in horror)
Tyrion Lannister:...Well, talk won't make you any older. (pause, he stands up awkwardly) My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage.

Dialog #190
Tyrion Lannister: (shakes his head)...Stop. (Sansa turns around, looking at him in surprise and relief) I can't... I could, but I won't. (chuckles ruefully to himself)
Sansa Stark: But, your father-
Tyrion Lannister: (angrily) If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. (shakes his head again) I won't share your bed. Not until you want me to.
Sansa Stark:...What if I never want you to?
Tyrion Lannister: (pause, then grins and raises his goblet in a mocking toast) ..."And so my Watch begins." (drains the cup, then staggers back onto the sofa and passes out)

Dialog #191
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace! (stands up)
Stannis Baratheon: They feeding you enough?
Davos Seaworth: Two meals a day- cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.
Stannis Baratheon:...You don't belong in a place like this.
Davos Seaworth: Well, sad to say, but I've seen worse. (Stannis grunts and nods, looking around the cells)
Stannis Baratheon:...I'm sorry about your son. I never got the chance to tell you before. Good lad- loyal lad. (Davos nods sadly) Melisandre's returned.
Davos Seaworth: I didn't know she'd been gone.
Stannis Baratheon: Came back with a bastard boy- Robert's bastard boy.
Davos Seaworth: Why?
Stannis Baratheon: She says "power in king's blood."
Davos Seaworth: (stares at him)...She's going to kill him.
Stannis Baratheon: Sacrifice him.
Davos Seaworth: Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice?! The boy's your nephew.
Stannis Baratheon: What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
Davos Seaworth: Because he has your blood in his veins. (Stannis looks directly at him, visibly uncertain)
Stannis Baratheon:...So did Renly.
Davos Seaworth:...Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy's done you no harm. He's an innocent-
Stannis Baratheon: How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women? "The darkness will devour them all", she says, "the night that never ends." Unless I triumph. (pause) I never asked for this- no more than I asked to be King. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty. (pause) What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?
Davos Seaworth:...Your Grace, why did you come to see me, today?
Stannis Baratheon: I came to free you. If you swear to never raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.
Davos Seaworth: (nods) ...I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her-
Stannis Baratheon: (exasperated) You have little regard for your own life. (Davos nods)
Davos Seaworth: Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. (Stannis nods ruefully, pause) You could've freed me yesterday, or tomorrow... but you came to me now, before this boy is put to the knife, because... you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it, because you believe it yourself. (Stannis meets his gaze) You're not a man who slaughters innocents, for gain or glory. (pause, leans against the wall) When my son was five, he said to me, "I don't ever want to die." I wanted to say to him, "You won't child- you won't ever." I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. (pause) I think mothers and fathers made up the Gods... because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.
Stannis Baratheon:...I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow... I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. (Davos looks up at him sharply) I never believed, but- when you see the truth- when it's right there in front of you, as real as these iron bars... how can you deny her God is real?

Dialog #192
Margaery Tyrell: [to Cersei, as they prepare for the wedding] You look radiant, your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Radiant? Why radiant?
Margaery Tyrell: It's word that came to mind. [Cersei smiles, though falsely, and Margaery takes her arm] We're going to be sisters soon, we should be friends.
Cersei Lannister: You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice.
Margaery Tyrell: A better dancer, than a singer, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: Ah, but you know the song, the Rains of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Of course. They play it so often here at court.
Cersei Lannister: So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Not as well as you, I'm sure.
Cersei Lannister: House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. Second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now? Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step. You'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle, as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds, larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally, one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?
Margaery Tyrell: Gone?
Cersei Lannister: Gone? [menacingly] A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman and child, put to the sword. I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. [Quoting "Rains of Castamere] And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear." [Takes Margaery's hand, looks into her eyes, and speaks in a cold tone] If you ever call me "sister" again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep.

Dialog #193
Osha: Where are we?
Brandon Stark: The Gift, I think. Brandon the Builder gave all this land south of the Wall to the Night's Watch, for their sustenance and support (pause) Maester Luwin taught me that.
Jojen Reed: (glances around) Doesn't seem to be supporting anyone, at the moment.
Meera Reed: It's good land! And there's no war up here. (Bran glances at her) Why leave?
Brandon Stark: Wildlings. (he glances guiltily at Osha) Sorry. But they come over the Wall and raid, steal, carry off women.
Rickon Stark: Old Nan said they turn your skull into a cup and drink your own blood from it. (he glances at Osha, who stares back at him impassively) That's what Old Nan said.
Jojen Reed: (glances at the sky) There's a storm coming.
Brandon Stark: I don't see any- (he's cut off by a distant clap of thunder; Hodor looks terrified)
Meera Reed: (indicates the nearby windmill she was scouting) This place is as good shelter as any. (they start towards the windmill)
Osha: (ruffles Rickon's hair teasingly) We can drink some blood while we wait- I don't need much.

Dialog #194
Jorah Mormont: (enters the tent with Grey Worm, both battered and bloodied but unhurt) It was just as you said. They did not believe until it was too late. (grins) Their slave-soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered! (Dany smiles momentarily, then looks worried)
Daenerys Targaryen: And- Daario Naharis? (Jorah looks disconcerted. Suddenly, Daario enters the tent, bearing the torn Yunkish banner)
Daario Naharis: (kneels before Dany) The City is yours, my Queen.

Dialog #195
Walder Frey: My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table. I extend to you my hospitality and my protection in the light of the Seven.
Robb Stark: Thank you for your hospitality, my lord. I've come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness.
Walder Frey: Don't beg my forgiveness, your grace. It wasn't me you spurned, it was my girls.
Narrator: [Walder summons his daughters and granddaughters as Edmure Tully looks on anxiously to see if any of them turn out to be his intended, Roslin.]
Walder Frey: One of them was supposed to be queen. Now none of them are. This is Arwaya, my daughter, my daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra. My eldest granddaughters Janeya and Neyela. Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins. You could have had either. You could have both for all I care. My granddaughter Marianne, my granddaughter Freya, my granddaughter...Wertha? Walra? Waldina?
Merry Frey: I'm Merry.
Walder Frey: Fine. And here's my youngest daughter, Shirei. Though she hasn't bled yet, clearly you don't have the patience for all that.
Robb Stark: My ladies, all men should keep their word. Kings most of all. I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow. The fault is not with you. Any man would be lucky to have any one of you. I did what I did not to slight you but because I loved another. I know these words cannot set right the wrong I've done to you and your house. I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends.
Narrator: [A bemused Walder claps his hands.]
Walder Frey: Very good.

Dialog #196
Catelyn Stark: (on her brother, Edmure Tully) He complained about this marriage the entire way from Riverrun- and now, look at him.
Brynden "Blackfish" Tully: The Gods love to reward a fool.
Catelyn Stark: (laughs) Uncle!
Brynden Tully: (grins) What?! He's my nephew, I love him- and, he's a damn fool. (next to them, Roose Bolton prevents a servant girl from pouring him wine)
Catelyn Stark: Don't you drink, Lord Bolton?
Roose Bolton: Never do, my Lady- dulls the senses.
Brynden Tully: That's the point. Didn't you marry one of these Frey girls?
Roose Bolton: Aye- Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters- and promised me the girl's weight in silver as a dowry. So, I have a fat young bride. (Brynden sniggers)
Catelyn Stark: (seriously) I hope she makes you very happy.
Roose Bolton: Well, she's made me very rich.
Brynden Tully: Pardon, my Lord, my Lady- I need to find a tree to piss on. (leaves)

Dialog #197
Walder Frey: [To Robb] Your Grace, I fear I've been, remiss in my duties. I've given you meat and wine and music, but, I haven't shown you the hospitality you deserve. My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift. [Catelyn notices Roose Bolton is wearing mail, and slaps him]
Catelyn: Robb! [Turns just as Lothar Frey stabs Talisa in the stomach, and the other Freys proceed to attack the northmen; Catelyn and Robb are both wounded by crossbow bolts. As the slaughter winds down, Robb- injured in the shoulder- crawls across the room to Talisa's body]
Walder Frey: The King in the North arises!
Catelyn Stark: [Holding a knife to Jeyhousse's throat] Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! 'Let it end! Please! He is my son, my first son! Let him go and I swear we will forget this, I swear it by the old gods and the new, we will take no vengeance!
Walder Frey: You already swore me one oath, right here in my castle. You swore by all the gods that your son would marry my daughter!
Catelyn Stark: Take me for your hostage! But let Robb go. [Turning to Robb, who is holding Talisa's body on the ground] Robb get up, get up and walk out, please! Please!
Walder Frey: And why would I let him do that?
Catelyn Stark: [Turning back to Walder Frey] On my honor as a Tully, On my honor as a Stark! Let Robb go, or I will cut your wife's throat!
Walder Frey: [Shrugs] I'll find another.
Robb Stark: [Stands up weakly] Mother...
Roose Bolton: [Walks up to Robb and holds him on the shoulder] The Lannisters send their regards.
Narrator: [Roose stabs Robb through the heart with his longsword. Robb gasps for breath and falls back dead on the ground. Catelyn screams in anguish as she cuts Jeyhousse's throat. She drops the knife as her face goes blank, she is left standing there before Black Walder comes up behind her and slits her throat]

Dialog #198
Narrator: [Tyrion enters the Tower of the Hand to find Varys, Tywin, Pycelle and Cersei waiting for him; Joffrey enters the room, grinning smugly]
Tyrion Lannister: (glares at Joffrey as he sits down) Killed a few puppies today?
Joffrey Baratheon: (gestures to Pycelle) Show him- go on, show him! (Pycelle takes out a small scroll and holds it out, but deliberately drops it when Tyrion reaches for it)
Pycelle: Ohhh! I'm sorry, my Lord- old fingers. (Tyrion rolls his eyes, picks up the note and unrolls it)
Tyrion Lannister: (reading) "Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey." Is that bad poetry, or is it supposed to mean something?
Joffrey Baratheon: (gleefully) Robb Stark is dead! And his bitch mother! (Tyrion looks startled, Joffrey turns to Pycelle) Write back to Lord Frey.Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head to me. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Narrator: [this suggestion is met with disgust by the council]
Varys: Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.
Cersei Lannister: A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Tyrion Lannister: No. She is no longer yours to torment.
Joffrey Baratheon: Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'm a monster?! Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies.
Narrator: [The council are aghast by this threat, though Varys gives an amused smile and Tywin remains unperturbed]
Joffrey Baratheon: I could have your tongue out for saying that!
Cersei Lannister: Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.
Pycelle: Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste!
Joffrey Baratheon: I am the king! (Varys rolls his eyes) I will punish you!
Tywin Lannister: (rolls his eyes) Any man who must say, "I am the king" is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.
Joffrey Baratheon: My father won the real war! He killed Prince Rhaegar- He took the crown, while you hid under Casterly Rock!
Narrator: [There is a long, tense silence, as the council wait to see how Tywin will respond to such a shocking insult; Tyrion watches eagerly to see which of the two relatives he despises the most will win. After he takes a second to contemplate his words to his grandfather, even Joffrey shows muted terror. But although Tywin's gaze never leaves Joffrey, he remains completely calm, and continues to betray no emotion]
Tywin Lannister: The king is tired. See him to his chambers.
Cersei Lannister: [quickly] Come along.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not tired.
Cersei Lannister: We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest.
Tywin Lannister: Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not... tired!
Narrator: [Tywin smirks at Joffrey.]
Cersei Lannister: Come.
Narrator: [Joffrey leaves with his mother without any further protest, and the rest of the Small Council try to leave as well.]
Tywin Lannister: [To Tyrion] Not you.
Tyrion Lannister: (with grudging admiration) You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.
Tywin Lannister: You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) A treasonous statement! Joffrey is king.
Tywin Lannister: You really think a crown gives you power?
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think armies give you power. (Tywin nods) Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same. [Tywin nods again] Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit- or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. (Tywin smiles slightly, pause) Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action, unless he had certain assurances...
Tywin Lannister: Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?
Tyrion Lannister: I'm all for cheating, this is war. But to slaughter them at a wedding...
Tywin Lannister: Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) So that's why you did it- to save lives?
Tywin Lannister: (impatient) To end the war- to protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead! Write one. (pause) I'm in this world a little while longer- to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.
Tyrion Lannister: ...The Northerners will never forget.
Tywin Lannister: Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the South. (pause, puts his papers away) All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North- until your son by Sansa comes of age. (stands up) I believe you still have some work to do on that score. (turns away, Tyrion stands up, furious, and follows him across the room)
Tyrion Lannister: (angrily) Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?!
Tywin Lannister: One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant-
Tyrion Lannister: I will not rape her! (pause)
Tywin Lannister: ...Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
Tyrion Lannister: (sneering) Use small words- I'm not as bright as you! (Tywin glares at him)
Tywin Lannister: The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its' sons and daughters first. (Tyrion gives him an odd expression) A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position- regardless of his own selfish desires. (Tyrion begins to smirk)... Does that amuse you?!
Tyrion Lannister: No, it's a very good lesson... (turns angry again) Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family, when you're making all the decisions!
Tywin Lannister: (angry) Easy for me, is it?
Tyrion Lannister: When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest, but solely for the benefit of the family?!
Tywin Lannister: (with controlled fury) The day that you were born. (Tyrion is caught off-guard, Tywin continues, for once showing grief for the loss of his wife) I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live- and I've brought you up as my son. Because you're a Lannister! (storms out, Tyrion ponders his words)

Dialog #199
Narrator: [At the Twins, in the great hall, servants clean up the aftermath of the Red Wedding]
Walder Frey: "The late Walder Frey" old Tully called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty...but look at us now, Tully! You're dead, your daughter's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I am Lord of Riverrun! [cackles]
Roose Bolton: The Blackfish escaped.
Walder Frey: An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me, who does he have?
Roose Bolton: [unconvinced] As you say.
Walder Frey: They all laughed at me, all those high lords, they all thought they were better than me: Ned Stark, Hoster Tully...people snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?!
Roose Bolton: You'll be needing a new young girl.
Walder Frey: Yes...got that to look forward to. And you...the Warden of the North! No more Starks to bow and scrape to! Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.
Roose Bolton: He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant...
Walder Frey: Calling himself "The Young Wolf"...how's that for pomposity?! Well...[raises his goblet in mock toast] Here's to the Young Wolf! [makes a mocking wolf howl]
Roose Bolton: Forever young. [both men chuckle]
Walder Frey: Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?
Roose Bolton: At some point, perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.
Walder Frey: Yes...what happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens and then, nothing.
Roose Bolton: I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out. Robb Stark offered amnesty for the ironborn amnesty if they gave us Theon.
Walder Frey: And?
Roose Bolton: [grins] Ramsay delivered the terms. The ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would. They handed him over, trussed and hooded, but Ramsay...well, Ramsay has his own way of doing things.

Dialog #200
Ramsay: [eating a sausage] Those girls weren't lying. You had a good sized cock. [Theon weakly looks at the sausage in horror] What? [realizes what Theon is thinking] No! Pork sausage. Do you think I'm some sort of savage? When people talk about phantom limbs, an amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered, do eunuchs have a phantom cock? Next time you think about naked girls, will you feel an itch? [Theon whimpers as Ramsay grins cruelly and waves the sausage at him. After a few moments, Ramsay lowers the sausage] Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples...[grins] but my father taught me aim for their head!
Theon: ...kill me...
Ramsay: Sorry, what?
Theon: Kill me.
Ramsay: A little louder.
Theon: KILL ME!
Ramsay: You're no good to me dead. We need you. [Ramsay walks over to Theon and grabs his hair] You don't look like Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just...meat. Stinking meat. You reek. (lets go of Theon and steps back with a grin on his face) Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?
Theon: Theon Greyjoy.
Narrator: [Ramsay backhands Theon]
Ramsay: What's your name?
Theon: Th-Theon Greyjoy.
Narrator: [Ramsay punches Theon in the jaw, jolting his head back against the rack]
Theon: Please...
Narrator: [Ramsay grabs Theon by the face]
Ramsay: (snarling) What...is...your...name?!
Theon: Reek. My name is...Reek. (Ramsay grins, lets go of him and walks away; Theon slumps forward and weeps)

Dialog #201
Varys: When did you come to this strange country?
Shae: When I was thirteen.
Varys: You were only a child?
Shae: I stopped being a child when I was nine. My mother made sure of that.
Varys: You've been a good influence on our mutual friend, you know. (Shae permits herself a smile) He used to drink from sun-down to sun-up, visit three brothels a night, gamble away his father's money. Now it's just the drinking.
Shae: (bitterly) And now I'm his wife's servant. I brush her hair and clip her nails and empty her chamber pot.
Varys: She is a sweet young thing. None of this is her fault.
Shae: (angrily) I love that girl. I would kill for her. Do you think that makes it easier for me?
Varys: No- I expect not. (Shae turns away)
Shae: (sadly) She's young, and beautiful, and... high-born.
Varys: We break bread with them, but that doesn't make us family. We've learned their language, but we'll never be their countrymen. (pause, comes closer) If you let yourself believe that a foreign girl with no name could spend her life with the son of Tywin Lannister-
Shae: (turns around, angrily) I have a name-
Varys: (firmly) You have one name... as do I. Here, only the family name matters.
Shae:...What do you want from me, Lord Varys? (Varys glances around, then presses a leather pouch into her hand)
Varys: Diamonds. (pats the pouch) I'd tell you to beware carrying so much wealth, but you know how to protect yourself. (pause) Get on one of those ships- sail to Pentos, or Lhys, or Myr. (Shae stares at him coldly) You can buy a house with these diamonds- a very large house. Hire servants- start a new life, a good life, far from here. (smiles and steps back) A mysterious foreign beauty- you'll have suitors lining up.
Shae: (looks from Varys to the diamonds)...Why do you want me to leave?
Varys: Tyrion Lannister is one of the few people alive who can make this country a better place. He has the mind for it, he has the will, he has the right last name- and you... you are a complication.(softens his tone) I know you love him- and I know it's true love, not bought by gold and silver. I'm not asking you to leave him for money- I'm asking you to leave, because your presence in the Capitol endangers him. (pause) This will never be your home, my Lady. Find a true home, somewhere far from here- while there's still time. (turns to go)
Shae: (angrily) Lord Varys! (Varys turns back, Shae throws the pouch of diamonds at his feet) If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself.

Dialog #202
1st Frey Bannerman: (notices Arya has crept up behind him)...What d'you want?
Arya Stark: Mind if I keep warm? (the man rolls his eyes and turns away)
2nd Frey Bannerman: Fuck off!
Arya Stark: (acting pitiful) But I'm hungry.
1st Frey Bannerman: (turns around again) Does "Fuck off" mean something different where you're from?
Arya Stark: I've got money. (she reaches into her belt pouch and pulls out the Braavosi coin Jacquen gave her)
1st Frey Bannerman: (squints at it) What kinda coin is that?
Arya Stark: It's worth a lot. (she drops it on the ground when he reaches for it) Sorry.
1st Frey Bannerman: (scowls at her) Little shit. (as he leans over to pick up the coin, Arya violently stabs him several times in the back and neck. The other three Frey soldiers, shocked, jump up and draw their swords, approaching her, but Sandor "The Hound" Clegane blocks their path with his sword drawn. They pause, then attack, and Sandor quickly and brutally kills all three of them. Arya stands over the man she killed)
Sandor Clegane: (walks over to her) Where did you get the knife?
Arya Stark: (holds up her blood-coated dagger)...From you. (the Hound quickly checks his belt, then irritably snatches the dagger back)
Sandor Clegane: Is that the first man you've killed?
Arya Stark:...The first man.
Sandor Clegane: (irritated, wags the dagger in her face) The next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first! (walks over to the dead men's fire and begins looting their supplies)
Arya Stark: (picks up the Braavosi coin)...Valar Morghulis.

Dialog #203
Samwell Tarly: I know how this must look. [remembers Aemon is blind] What I meant was-
Gilly: I swear to you, my lord--
Maester Aemon: I'm not a lord, my dear. Not for many, many years. Every man who joins the Night's Watch renounces all former titles. Among other things. What is your name?
Gilly: Gilly.
Maester Aemon: Ah, for the gillyflower. Lovely.
Gilly: Yes, my-
Samwell Tarly: Maester.
Gilly: Master.
Samwell Tarly: Maester.
Maester Aemon: And the child?
Samwell Tarly: She hasn't chosen a name yet.
Gilly: His name is Sam.
Maester Aemon: Tarly... do you remember the oath you swore when you joined this order?
Samwell Tarly: He's not my child, Maester Aemon. She's one of Craster's wives. I remember every word of the oath. Night gathers and my watch begins. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. The realms of men. That means her as well as us. We didn't build 500 miles of ice walls 700 feet high to keep out men. The night is gathering, Maester Aemon. I've seen it. It's coming for all of us.
Maester Aemon: Gilly, you and your son will be our guests for the time being. We certainly cannot send you back beyond the Wall.
Gilly: Thank you... Maester. I can cook and clean and I can-
Maester Aemon: Good. Samwell, fetch a quill and inkwell. I hope your penmanship is better than your swordplay.
Samwell Tarly: Miles better.
Maester Aemon: We had 44 ravens at last count. Make sure they're all fed. Every one of them flies tonight.

Dialog #204
Jon Snow: (stands up, sadly) Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was- what I am. I have to go home now- I know you won't hurt me.
Ygritte: (vengeful and sad) You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Jon Snow: (laughs sadly) I do know some things. I know I love you (Ygritte's eyes well with tears) I know that you love me. (shakes his head) But I have to go home now! (he turns away and Ygritte fires an arrow into his shoulder, knocking him down in agony. Jon staggers over to his horse, climbs on and rides away, but not before Ygritte shoots him twice more; she watches him go, sobbing)

Dialog #205
First Lannister soldier : You lost, friend?
Oberyn Martell: Forgive me for staring...I don't see many Lannisters where I'm from.
First Lannister soldier: [smirks] I don't see many Dornishmen in the capital.
Oberyn Martell: [knowingly] We don't like the smell! [laughs, as Ellaria arrives and tries to draw him away]
Ellaria Sand: Come with me, lover...
Second Lannister soldier: ([assumes Ellaria is a whore]) Gods, look at this one!
Olyvar: Sirs, if you follow me I'll arrange for a private room-
Second Lannister soldier: Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil! [laughs dismissively; Olyvar looks nervous, Oberyn smiles and steps forward as Ellaria watches]
Oberyn Martell: Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister? [both soldiers stand up, their whores hurriedly exit] You think your gold... and your lions, and your gold lions make you better than everyone. [the second soldier eyes his sword on the table] May I tell you a secret? You're not a golden lion. You're just a pink little man who's far too slow on the draw. [after a long beat, the second soldier makes a grab for his sword, but Oberyn instantly rams a dagger through his wrist, skewering his arm to the table. The soldier screams in agony; the first soldier half-draws his sword, but hesitates as Oberyn leans close to his companion] Long sword is a bad option in close quarters. [looks to the first soldier] When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding, quite a lot, I'm afraid; so many veins in the wrist. [he twists the dagger slightly, causing the soldier to scream again] He'll live if you get him help, straight away. So... [bares his teeth into a grin as Tyrion Lannister enters] Decisions.
Tyrion Lannister: Prince Oberyn! Forgive the intrusion, we heard there might be...[he breaks off as Oberyn wrenches his dagger free, causing the soldier to scream again] ...trouble. [The first soldier hastily drags his wounded friend out of the brothel]
Oberyn Martell: [to Ellaria] Apologies, my love. [he and Ellaria begin kissing passionately, while Oberyn and Bronn look on awkwardly]
Tyrion Lannister: I'm here to welcome you to the capital... [Eventually, Ellaria and Oberyn acknowledge his presence]
Oberyn Martell: [indicates Ellaria] Ellaria Sand, my paramour. [to Ellaria, gesturing at Tyrion] The King's own uncle Imp, Tyrion, son of Tywin...Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: If there's anything I can do to make your stay in King's Landing more--
Oberyn Martell: [talking over him, to Bronn] And what are you, his hired killer?
Bronn: It started that way, aye. Now I'm a knight.
Oberyn Martell: How did that come to pass?
Bronn: Killed the right people, I suppose. [Oberyn grins, he and Bronn laugh, Tyrion joins in quickly]
Oberyn Martell: We'll need a few more girls. [Bronn nods while Tyrion shakes his head, Oberyn raises an eyebrow] You don't partake?
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I partook, now I'm married. [pause] Prince Oberyn--a word, if I may, in private?

Dialog #206
Oberyn Martell: It seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, they take all kinds.
Oberyn Martell: Even Dornishmen.
Tyrion Lannister: The King is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.
Oberyn Martell: Ah, let us speak truth here; Joffrey is insulted. I am only the second son, after all.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult. [Oberyn chuckles] Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?
Oberyn Martell: I was invited to the royal wedding.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were speaking truth.
Oberyn Martell: [beat] The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the last dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast, Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen...left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city.
Tyrion Lannister: [hesitantly] I wasn't actually present-
Oberyn Martell: They butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her? [Tyrion doesn't answer; Oberyn lifts his chin with a finger until their eyes are locked] I'm asking you a question.
Tyrion Lannister: I've heard rumors. [shoves Oberyn's hand away]
Oberyn Martell: [chuckles coldly] So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain, raped Elia and split her in half with his greatsword.
Tyrion Lannister: I wasn't there. I don't know what happened--
Oberyn Martell: If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. [beat] Tell your father I'm here. And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts. [Oberyn exits, Tyrion watching him apprehensively]

Dialog #207
Jorah Mormont: (grimly) There's one on every mile-marker between here and Meereen.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many miles are there between here and Meereen?
Jorah Mormont:...One hundred and sixty-three, Your Grace.
Barristan Selmy: I'll tell our men to ride ahead and bury them. You don't need to see this-
Daenerys Targaryen: You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. (stares up at the slave-child) Remove her collar, before you bury her.

Dialog #208
Alliser Thorne: So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?
Jon Snow: I didn't murder him.
Alliser Thorne: No? You put your sword through a brother of the Night's Watch. What do you call that?
Jon Snow: He wanted me to kill him.
Janos Slynt: A bastard son of a traitor. What would you expect?
Jon Snow: The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army.
Alliser Thorne: Don't talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him. He was my brother.
Jon Snow: Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him--
Janos Slynt: The free folk? Listen to him. He even talks like a wildling now.
Jon Snow: Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I...I laid with a wildling girl.
Janos Slynt: [glances at the others] You admit to breaking your vows, then?
Jon Snow: I do.
Janos Slynt: The law is the law. The boy must die.
Maester Aemon: If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men.
Alliser Thorne: There's a difference between sneaking off to the Mole's Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy.
Jon Snow: While we sit here, debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of a hundred thousand.
Alliser Thorne: Impossible. You can't get fifty wildlings together before they start killing each other.
Jon Snow: One hundred thousand. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, there's giants fighting for him.
Janos Slynt: Giants? [snorts and starts to laugh before noticing the look on Ser Alliser's face]
Jon Snow: Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?
Janos Slynt: I commanded the City Watch of King's Landing, boy.
Jon Snow: And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job.
Janos Slynt: [jumps to his feet] How dare you?!
Jon Snow: There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already, led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth. [Slynt unceremoniously seats himself] Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?
Maester Aemon: None of us are free. We are men of the Night's Watch. But we won't be taking your head today, Jon Snow.

Dialog #209
Polliver: Hey- I know you. (Arya looks up frightened, thinking he's referring to her; she reaches for Sandor's sword under the table) You're the Hound! (comes over to their table, Arya lets go of the sword) Pour our new friend some ale! (glances from Sandor to Arya) What brings you so far north?
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: I could ask the same of you. What're you doing up here?
Polliver: (shrugs) Just keepin' the King's peace.
Sandor Clegane: No need- war's over.
Polliver: So I've heard. (the inkeeper brings them ale) Stannis defeated at the Blackwater, Robb Stark killed at the Twins, and where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother. (hastily) Meaning no offense-
Sandor Clegane: None taken.
Polliver: He's good, the Mountain is- best at what he does. But- torture, torture, torture, torture. You spend enough time puttin' a hammmer to people, and you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs. Drains the fun right out of it! (Arya and Sandor stare blankly back at him) And what's life without a little fun? (looks at Arya and sniggers) Well, I don't need to tell you that, eh?
Sandor Clegane: (glances at Arya) She's all right- I've had better.
Polliver: (laughs) You know what? You should come with us. (indicates the inkeeper) His kind, they've always got something hidden away- gold, silver, more daughters. Always something, if you know how to make em talk- and there's plenty of 'em between here and King's Landing. You could do well for yourself. We certainly have been!
Sandor Clegane: (looks away for a moment)...I'm not going to King's Landing.
Polliver: But, think about it- we can do whatever we like, wherever we go! (gestures at his armor) These are the King's colors. No one's standing in his way now... which means no one's standing in ours.
Sandor Clegane: (leans forward)...Fuck the King. (Polliver's smile vanishes; his comrades look in their direction. Arya smirks)
Polliver: (long pause)...When I heard that Joffrey's dog had turned tail and run at the Battle of the Blackwater, I didn't believe it. But, here you are-
Sandor Clegane: Here I am. (drains his ale cup, stares coldly at Polliver) Bring me one of those chickens.
Polliver: You got money to pay for it?
Sandor Clegane: You paid for it?
Polliver: (smirks)No- but we're the King's men. So- you got money?
Sandor Clegane: (shakes his head mockingly) Not a penny- I'll still take that chicken.
Polliver: Tell you what- we'll trade you. One of our little chickens for one of yours (stares menacingly at Arya, who looks back at him) Give us a go at your friend. (gestures over his shoulder) Lowell there likes them a bit broken in. (Lowell chuckles, Polliver and Sandor stare each other down)
Sandor Clegane:...You're a talker. (smirks) Listening to talkers...makes me thirsty. (deliberately picks up Polliver's ale cup and drains it) And hungry. Think I'll take two chickens. (Polliver glances over his shoulder meaningfully at his men, then turns back to the Hound)
Polliver: You don't seem to understand the situation.
Sandor Clegane: I understand, that if any more words come pouring out your cunt mouth... I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room. (nods at Polliver's men)
Polliver: You lived your life for the King- you gonna die for some chickens?
Sandor Clegane:...Someone is. (long pause, then Polliver goes for his sword, but Sandor and Arya flip the table over on him; Sandor attacks Polliver's men)

Dialog #210
Jaime Lannister: My brother tells me you keep your mouth shut- unusual talent, for a sellsword.
Bronn: He tells me you shit gold, just like your father.
Jaime Lannister: (tosses Bronn a small pouch of gold, his pay) Is this place safe?
Bronn: There's this knight- er, Laygood. Got thunderbolts on his shield? (Jaime nods) Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one- if they don't hear her, they won't hear us. (whistles as Jaime brings out his Valyrian steel blade) I've never seen Valyrian steel before- she's a beauty. Problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to- and if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me. (pulls two blunted swords out of his bag and drops one on the ground)
Jaime Lannister: (irritably) I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine (just as he grabs the practice sword, Bronn hits him on the wrist with his blade, forcing him to drop it) Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guard's down.
Bronn: Best time to attack a man! (attacks as Jaime picks up the sword; they spar for a moment, then Bronn shoves him against a rock wall) Mind yourself!
Jaime Lannister: (angrily) If I still had my right hand-
Bronn: (sarcastically) Plan on growin' it back? (Jaime attacks, they spar for a few moments, with Jaime getting the worst of it)
Jaime Lannister: (collects himself)...Come on, then. (they continue sparring)

Dialog #211
Narrator: [Ramsay and a shaking, semi-catatonic Theon/Reek meet with Roose]
Ramsay: Father. (shoves Theon forward, Roose gets up and inspects him more closely)
Roose:...What did you do to him?
Ramsay: I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.
Roose: You flayed him.
Ramsay: Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.
Roose: (steps towards Ramsay, for the first time showing a hint of anger) This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.
Ramsay: We've been flaying our enemies for a thousand years. The flayed man is on our banners-
Roose: My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton, you're a Snow. (steps away, Ramsay seething at the reminder of his bastard status) Tywin Lannister has given me the North, but he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the Ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.
Ramsay: I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have-
Roose: You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
Ramsay: You made me Acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.
Roose: (comes back over to face Ramsay) I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.
Ramsay: Theon was our enemy. But Reek? Reek will never betray us.
Roose: I place far too much trust in you. (turns away contemptuously)
Ramsay: ...Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.
Theon/Reek: Sorry, my lord.
Ramsay: [to Locke] Give him the razor.
Narrator: [Ramsay sits in a chair and Theon/Reek is handed a razor; Roose turns around to watch]
Ramsay: I'm not a Bolton, father. What does it matter? Go on, Reek. A nice, close shave.
Narrator: [Reek begins carefully shaving Ramsay]
Ramsay: Reek, tell father, where are Bran and Rickon Stark?
Theon/Reek: I don't know, my lord.
Roose: You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell.
Ramsay: Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?
Theon/Reek: No, my lord. Just two farm boys.
Ramsay: And crisped them so no one would know.
Theon/Reek: Yes, my lord.
Ramsay: The Starks have always ruled the North. If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone.
Narrator: [Theon/Reek stops shaving]
Ramsay: Oh, that's right, Reek. Robb Stark is dead. Sorry. I know he was like a brother to you, but my father put a knife through his heart. How do you feel about that?
Narrator: [Theon/Reek pauses a moment, his razor resting on Ramsay's jugular vein, but then he resumes and completes the shave]
Roose: (to Locke) You ready for a hunt?
Locke: Always.
Roose: Find those boys and I'll give a thousand acres and a holdfast.
Locke: Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?
Theon/Reek: Jon Snow is at Castle Black.
Locke: Who the fuck's Jon Snow?
Roose: Their bastard brother. He could be sheltering them. He may know where they are.
Ramsay: Even if he doesn't, he's half Stark himself. He could be a threat.
Roose: You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin. Bring this creature of yours. Maybe he'll be of some use. Take the Moat for the family - for our family - and I'll reconsider your position.

Dialog #212
Oberyn Martell: Your Grace. Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.
Ellaria Sand: My lord. My lady.
Tywin Lannister: Charmed.
Cersei Lannister: Can't say I've ever met a Sand before. (Ellaria glares at her)
Ellaria Sand: We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.
Oberyn Martell: Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: No? How tolerant of you.
Oberyn Martell: I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.
Tywin Lannister: (hastily) Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.
Oberyn Martell: They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.
Oberyn Martell: People everywhere have their differences. In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places, the rape and murder of women and children is considered...distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place. (Cersei's smile vanishes)

Dialog #213
Joffrey: Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle. How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume.
Narrator: [Tyrion smiles and stands up.]
Tyrion: One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. [Nods towards the champion dwarf.] This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night.
Narrator: [Enraged and humiliated, Joffrey walks over to Tyrion and empties his goblet over his uncle's head.]
Tyrion: A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.
Joffrey: It did not spill.
Margaery Tyrell: My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.
Joffrey: [He does so] Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? [To Tyrion] Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.
Tyrion: Your Grace does me a fine honor.
Joffrey: [Dryly] It's not meant as an honor.
Narrator: [A brief pause, and Tyrion gets up to take the cup, but Joffrey drops it. As Tyrion bends to pick it up, Joffrey kicks it underneath a table. Everyone stares with disbelief.]
Joffrey: Bring me my goblet.
Narrator: [Tyrion goes underneath the table searching for the goblet. Sansa picks it up and hands it to Tyrion, who, in turn, hands it to Joffrey.]
Joffrey: What good is an empty cup? Fill it. [Tyrion fills the cup with wine and hands it to Joffrey] Kneel. [Tyrion looks at him] Kneel before your king. [Pause] Kneel. [Pause as Tyrion glares at Joffrey; Getting angry] I said... kneel! [Tyrion keeps glaring at him]
Margaery Tyrell: Look, the pie.

Dialog #214
Joffrey Baratheon: (as Tyrion and Sansa try to leave while Joffrey and Margaery are sharing pigeon pie) Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?
Tyrion Lannister: I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: (with his mouth full) No, no, no. No, you're perfect the way you are. (the Tyrells stare at him in disgust) Serve me my wine. (Tyrion glances at Sansa, then goes to do so) Well, hurry up. This pie is dry. (As Tyrion picks up Joffrey's full goblet, he doesn't notice Olenna staring at it. He hands the cup to Joffrey, who gulps at it as Tyrion walks past him) Mm, good. Needs washing down.
Tyrion Lannister: (turns back towards Joffrey) If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.
Joffrey Baratheon: No. (coughs, points commandingly at Tyrion) No, you'll wait here... (coughs again) un-- (continues coughing)
Tyrion Lannister: (walks back towards Joffrey) Your Grace?
Joffrey Baratheon: (short of breath, he takes a gulp of wine to try and alleviate his coughing) It's nothing.
Narrator: [Cersei and Tywin both shift in their chairs, realising something is wrong; Joffrey, gasping for breath, turns towards Margaery, who sees the alarm on his face.]
Margaery Tyrell: He's choking!
Olenna Tyrell: Help the poor boy. [Joffrey staggers away from the table, choking frantically.] Idiots, help your king.
Jaime Lannister: Move away! [He pushes his way through the crowd and runs towards Joffrey as he collapses, choking and vomiting.] Joffrey! Joffrey! [He grabs his son by the shoulder and tries to help him up.]
Cersei Lannister: Help him! (shoves past Margaery and runs towards her son) Someone help him!
Jaime Lannister: Joffrey!
Narrator: [Amid the confusion, court fool Dontos Hollard appears behind Sansa)
Dontos Hollard: (to Sansa) Come with me now.
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey! Joffrey!
Narrator: ('the group at Joffrey's side turn him over as he continues to writhe in agony, his face turning purple, while Cersei repeatedly calls his name. Margaery turns away in horror, Tywin stares down at the scene grimly, moving in front of Tommen to hide the scene from him.)
Dontos Hollard: (to Sansa) If you want to live, we have to leave.
Cersei Lannister: Don't touch him! Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. (still choking, Joffrey stares up at her through a haze of pain) Joffrey, what is it? Help him!
Narrator: [With his last ounce of strength, Joffrey points to the one whom he thinks killed him- Tyrion, who, ironically, has picked up Joffrey's cup and is sniffing it for traces of poison. Cersei and Jaime both follow his gesture- Cersei with rage, Jaime with disbelief. As Joffrey begins to bleed from his nose and eyes, he wheezes out his last breath and finally dies.]
Cersei Lannister: (bursts into tears of grief) My son.
Man: He's gone. Our king is gone.
Cersei Lannister: (sobbing, she turns to glare at Tyrion) He did this. He poisoned my son, (to the crowd at large) your king. (to the Kingsguard) Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him! (the Kingsguard seize Tyrion as Cersei stares down at Joffrey's body)

Dialog #215
Tywin Lannister: Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means? [Tommen hesitates in answering] I'm not trying to trick you.
Tommen Baratheon: It means I'll become king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you will be?
Tommen Baratheon: A good king?
Tywin Lannister: I think so as well; you have the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king, hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?
Cersei Lannister: This is hardly the place or the time-!
Tommen Baratheon: Holiness?
Tywin Lannister: Baelor the Blessed was holy and pious. He built this sept. He also named a six year old boy High Septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful.
Tommen Baratheon: Justice?
Tywin Lannister: A good king must be just. Orys the First was just; everyone applauded his reforms, nobles and commoners alike, but he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him, to abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
Tommen Baratheon: No. What about strength?
Tywin Lannister: Yes, strength. King Robert was strong; he won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty. And he attended three Small Council meetings in seventeen years of ruling, and he spent his time whoring, hunting and drinking until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him and a man who thinks winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom?
Tywin Lannister: Yes!
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom is what makes a good king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. But what is wisdom? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which is not? Any experience of treasuries and granaries? Or shipyards and soldiers?
Tommen Baratheon: No.
Tywin Lannister: Of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his councilors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards. Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, he'd probably still be alive.

Dialog #216
Narrator: [Pod has come to visit Tyrion in his cell]
Tyrion:...Podrick. Apologies for the stench-
Podrick Payne: I brought you some wine, m'Lord, but they took it from me. (reaches into his boot)
Tyrion Lannister: A noble effort-
Podrick Payne: They didn't find the candles, though (starts laying items on a bench) A quill, some parchment- duck sausage, almonds- and some hard cheese.
Tyrion Lannister:...You're a good lad. (pause) Any word of Shae?
Podrick Payne: (shakes his head) I've heard nothing, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) I suppose that's a good thing. (Podrick nods, looking nervous) What are they saying about me, out there?
Podrick Payne: You're to stand trial, in a fortnight- for murdering the King.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
Podrick Payne: (shakes his head firmly) No, m'Lord. You didn't.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods in agreement) No. Gods, no. The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it. (pause) I'd like to think, if I were planning a Royal assassination, I would arrange it in such a way that I wouldn't be standing there, gawking like a fool when the King died. (Pod smiles) Trial in a fortnight... have they announced the judges yet?
Podrick Payne: (sits down) Your father-
Tyrion Lannister: Of course.
Podrick Payne: Lord Mace Tyrell-
Tyrion Lannister: Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote-
Podrick Payne: And Prince Oberyn of Dorne.
Tyrion Lannister: (looks up, surprised) Oberyn? (realizes what Tywin's up to, and laughs) Leave it to my father- never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy.
Podrick Payne: I'm supposed to get a list of names from you, my Lord- anyone who might testify on your behalf.
Tyrion Lannister: (mockingly) Oh! I can call my own witnesses? (Pod nods) How generous of them! Very well- my wife, Sansa.
Podrick Payne: My Lord- she's gone.
Tyrion Lannister: (confused) Gone?
Podrick Payne: (nods) No one's seen her, since the wedding. (Tyrion stares at him, pause) You don't think she-
Tyrion Lannister: (gets up, walks over to the wall) No one had more cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl's no assassin. No- whoever killed the King wanted me to lose my head for it- and with my wife's disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty. (looks at Pod urgently) Podrick-
Podrick Payne: Yes, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: They'll be following you, now.
Podrick Payne: Who, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: I don't know! They- they! The ominous "They"! The men pulling the strings- or women. My father- maybe Joffrey was too much work for him. Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle. (starts pacing back and forth, with Pod watching him) Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume it's my sister that had a hand in it- but say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children. She is the only one I'm certain had nothing to do with this murder... which makes this unique, as King's Landing murders go.
Podrick Payne:...Any other witnesses, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister:...Varys could vouch for me, if he dared.
Podrick Payne: He's already been called as a witness for the Queen.
Tyrion Lannister: (nods) Of course. Fetch Bronn, I have a job for him-
Podrick Payne: I've already asked, m'Lord- they won't let him see you.
Tyrion Lannister: Why not?
Podrick Payne: They say he's a known cutthroat, and your close associate- he's under investigation himself.
Tyrion Lannister: My brother- will they at least allow me to see Jaime?
Podrick Payne: (nods) I'll ask, m'Lord. (Tyrion sits down again, Podrick gets up and goes to the door, but pauses, then comes back over to Tyrion) There's something else, my Lord. (Tyrion looks up at him) A man- I didn't know his face- he came to ask if I'd testify against you. Said I'd be named "Ser Podrick Payne" if I told the judges you bought a poison called "the Strangler".
Tyrion Lannister: "Ser Podrick Payne"? Has a nice ring to it. What did you tell him?
Podrick Payne: (firmly) I didn't tell them anything, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister:...Are you going to accept their offer?
Podrick Payne: (looking shocked that Tyrion would suggest such a thing)...My Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: (urgently) Testifying against me wasn't a suggestion. If they can't tempt you with honey, they'll choose something less sweet.
Podrick Payne: (stubbornly) You've been good to me, my Lord-
Tyrion Lannister: (sharply) Pod. The trial's in a fortnight- they'll want an answer before that.
Podrick Payne: I've already given them my answer, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: (gets up) I will not have you dying on my behalf! Do you hear me?! if I have to take that long walk to the executioner's block, I don't want to see your head already mounted-
Podrick Payne: (almost in tears) My Lord-
Tyrion Lannister: Pod, I am giving you an order. Go and find my brother, tell him I need him- and get yourself out of King's Landing, before it's too late! (Pod looks away sadly) Pod! (Pod looks up at him) This is farewell.
Podrick Payne:... Farewell, my Lord. (turns to leave)
Tyrion Lannister: Pod (Pod turns around)...There has never lived a more loyal squire.

Dialog #217
Margaery Tyrell: So am I the queen?
Olenna Tyrell: More than you were with Renly. Less than you would have been if Joffrey had done you the courtesy of consummating the marriage before dying. In any case, this would not be an opportune moment to press the issue.
Margaery Tyrell: Clawing at his own throat, looking to his mother to make it stop... it was horrible.
Olenna Tyrell: The world is overflowing with horrible things. But they're all a tray of cakes next to death. They brought me your grandfather's body when he died, you know? Made me look at it.
Margaery Tyrell: What was it like?
Olenna Tyrell: They took me to the Great Hall and there he was. The man I'd married and suffered to father my children. A great doughy lump I'd sat next to at endless dinners and tedious gatherings. There he was... lying on a table.
Margaery Tyrell: One of my husbands preferred the company of men and was stabbed through the heart. Another was happiest torturing animals and was poisoned at our wedding feast. (laughs bleakly) I must be cursed.
Olenna Tyrell: Nonsense. Your circumstances have improved markedly. You may not have enjoyed watching him die, but you enjoyed it more than you would have enjoyed being married to him, I can promise you that.
Margaery Tyrell: But I would have been the Queen.
Olenna Tyrell: Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us. You did wonderful work on Joffrey. The next one should be easier.

Dialog #218
Old Man: We ask the Father to judge us with mercy accepting our human frailty. We ask the Mother to bless our crops so we may feed ourselves and all who come to our door. We ask the Warrior to give us courage in these days of strife and turmoil. We ask the Maiden to protect Sally's virtue to keep her from the clutches of depravity.
Sandor Clegane: You got to do all seven of the fuckers?
Arya Stark: Father!
Old Man: We ask the Smith to strengthen our hands and our backs so we may finish the work required of us. We ask the Crone to guide us on our journey from darkness to darkness.
Sandor Clegane: And we ask the Stranger not to kill us in our beds tonight for no damn reason at all.
Arya Stark: I'm so sorry. [tastes the stew] Really good.
Old Man: Did you fight at the Twins?
Sandor Clegane: Call that a fight? Slaughtering livestock more like.
Old Man: The Red Wedding they're calling it. Walder Frey committed sacrilege that day. He shared bread and salt with the Starks. He offered them guest right.
Sandor Clegane: Guest right don't mean much anymore.
Old Man: It means something to me. The gods will have their vengeance. Frey will burn in the seventh hell for what he did.

Dialog #219
Alliser Thorne: (in response to calls for reprisals against the Wildling raids) If we go after them, we'll be giving them what they want. They want to draw us out, pick us off a few at a time.
Maester Aemon Targaryen: We have just over 100 men- and that's including Stewards, Builders... and me. We cannot afford to lose a single man. We must remember our first responsibility- we are the Watchers on the Wall. (Jon nods, the other Brothers and the escaped villagers look upset)
Pyp: There's got to be a way to protect them. (Thorne glares at him)
Alliser Thorne:...You're a champion of the common people, Lord Snow. What do you say to Brother Pyp's proposition?
Jon Snow:...Mance Rayder is coming. If the Wildlings breach the Wall, they'll roll over everything and everyone for a thousand miles before they reach an army that can stop them. (Pyp looks away, defeated)
Alliser Thorne: We need to shore up Castle Black, and we need to defend the Wall. That is our job. (suddenly, a horn sounds once from outside)
Pyp: Rangers returning! (they all rush outside)

Dialog #220
Narrator: [Grenn and Edd, both frigid and exhausted, have returned from Craster's Keep]
Alliser Thorne: What took you so long?
Grenn: We were held up.
Alliser Thorne: By what?
Grenn: Chains. (shows the welts on his wrists)
Dolorous Edd: (shivering) We were guests of the mutineers at Craster's Keep-
Jon Snow: (urgently) Are the mutineers dead?
Grenn: They're not going anywhere. They've got Craster's food, and Craster's wives. (Jon steps back, pondering their words)
Dolorous Edd: Poor girls- never thought they'd miss their daddy.
Grenn: Karl's running things now. He's the one, put a knife through Craster's mouth.
Jon Snow: (turns around) We need to ride north, and kill them all.
Alliser Thorne: We just went over this, boy- justice can wait.
Jon Snow: It's not about justice! (pause) I told the Wildlings we had over a thousand men at Castle Black alone. (Thorne turns to face him) Karl and the others know the truth, as well as we do. How long do you think they'll keep that information to themselves when the Wildlings are peeling their fingernails off? (pause, he and Thorne face each other) Mance has all he needs to crush us- he just doesn't know it yet. As soon as he gets his hands on them, he will. Then, he'll throw his full strength at us- and even if every one of us kills a hundred Wildlings, there's still not a thing we can do to stop them! (Thorne looks away, considering his words)
Pyp:...I don't think I can kill a hundred Wildlings.

Dialog #221
Davos Seaworth: Westeros is not the world, Your Grace. We need to look east for ships and men. 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company.
Stannis Baratheon: [disgusted] The Golden Company?
Davos Seaworth: They've never broken a contract.
Stannis Baratheon: They're sellswords.
Davos Seaworth: We're willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but we're not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Woman's magic is real. Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but I've never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war. Soldiers win wars. Soldiers on the ground. It's dirty on the ground.
Stannis Baratheon: We don't have any gold.
Davos Seaworth: Not yet.
Stannis Baratheon: If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten. I will not become a page in someone else's history book. I'm running out of time, Ser Davos. Which means you're running out of time.

Dialog #222
Oberyn Martell: I'm sorry about your grandson.
Tywin Lannister: Are you?
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father- or his grandfather. An awful way to die...
Tywin Lannister: Which way is that?
Oberyn Martell: Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?
Tywin Lannister: Some believe the king choked.
Oberyn Martell: Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant. The king was poisoned.
Tywin Lannister: I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel.
Oberyn Martell: I did. This is why I know.
Tywin Lannister: Your hatred for my family is...rather well known. You arrive in the capital, an expert in poisoning; some days later, my grandson dies of poisoning.
Oberyn Martell: Rather suspicious. Why haven't you thrown me in a dungeon?
Tywin Lannister: You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day you arrived. What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: [amused] You think we conspired together?
Tywin Lannister: What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: The death of my sister. [approaches Tywin menacingly]
Tywin Lannister: For which you blame me.
Oberyn Martell: [angrily] She was raped and murdered by the Mountain. The Mountain follows your orders. Of course I blame you.
Tywin Lannister: [cocks an eyebrow] I stand before you unarmed, unguarded. Should I be worried?
Oberyn Martell: [smiles coldly] You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that. I'm a man of reason; if I slit your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow.
Tywin Lannister: Men at war commit all kinds of crimes, without their superiors' knowledge.
Oberyn Martell: So you're denying involvement in Elia's murder?
Tywin Lannister: Categorically. [long pause, then Oberyn turns away]
Oberyn Martell: I would like to speak with the Mountain.
Tywin Lannister: [raises his eyebrows again, smiles] I'm sure he would enjoy speaking with you.
Oberyn Martell: He might not enjoy it as he thinks he would.
Tywin Lannister: I could arrange for this meeting-
Oberyn Martell: But you want something in return.
Tywin Lannister: There will be a trial for my son and as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict. I will preside, Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge and I would like you to be the third.
Oberyn Martell: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon, declared themselves enemies of the throne; now they are our strongest allies-
Oberyn Martell: Well, you made the Tyrell girl a Queen. Asking me to judge at your son's trial isn't quite as tempting.
Tywin Lannister: I will also invite you to sit on the Small Council, to serve as one of the new king's principal advisors. [Oberyn sips his wine, then turns around]
Oberyn Martell: I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: We are not Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead, the Greyjoys are in open rebellion, a wildling army marches on the Wall and in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons.
Oberyn Martell: [grins] You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit.
Tywin Lannister: We need each other. You help me serve justice to the King's assassins... and I will help you serve justice to Elia's. [Offers Oberyn his hand to shake]

Dialog #223
Narrator: [A single rider has ridden out of Meereen to meet Daenerys and her army]
Daenerys Targaryen: What is he doing?
Barristan Selmy: I believe he means to...
Narrator: [The Mereen Champion pisses on the ground, while shouting in Giscari]
Missandei: He says that we're an army of men without man parts. He claims you are no woman at all, but a man who... hides his cock in his own arsehole.
Barristan Selmy: Ignore him, Your Grace. These are meaningless words.
Jorah Mormont: They're not meaningless if half the city you intend to take is listening to them.
Daenerys Targaryen:I have something to say to the people of Meereen. [points to the shouting champion] First, I will need this one to be quiet. Do I have a champion?
Grey Worm: (in Valyrian) Allow me, Mother of Dragons. I will not disappoint you.
Daenerys Targaryen: (in Valyrian) You are the commander of my Unsullied- I cannot risk you. (Grey Worm nods)
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace, I've won more single combats than any man alive-
Daenerys Targaryen: Which is why you must remain by my side. (Ser Barristan nods ruefully)
Jorah Mormont: I've been by your side longer than any of them, Khaleesi. Let me stand for you today as well.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles and shakes her head) You're my most trusted adviser, my most valued general and my dearest friend- I will not gamble with your life.
Daario Naharis: (steps forward) I was the last to join your army. I'm not your General, or a member of your Queensguard, or the commander of your Unsullied. My mother was a whore; I come from nothing- and, before long, I will return to nothing. Let me kill this man for you.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sizes him up) Very well. (turns back towards Meereen) You have quite an audience- make it worth their while. (Daario strides towards the Meereenese champion)
Missandei:..He is very brave, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. Win or lose... as long as the whole city is watching.

Dialog #224
Narrator: After Daario has effortless dispatched Mereen's champion, Daenerys addresses the slaves of Meereen
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn. Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. I only speak to you. First, I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor, now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai, now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you. Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering, and commands. I do not bring you commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve.

Dialog #225
Mossador: You heard her. She said she came to free us!
Old slave: You're a fool. The Masters are too strong.
Mossador: She will protect us. She defeated the Masters' champion. She has a great army. You want to live the rest of your life in chains?
Adult slave: I want to live. You saw what they did to those children. What do you think they'll do to us?
Old slave: I've been through two slave revolts, boy. They always end the same way: the Masters in power and the slaves dead.
Grey Worm: All men must die. But I promise you, a single day of freedom is worth more than a lifetime in chains.
Old slave: Who are you?
Grey Worm: This one is called Grey Worm. I was taken as a baby by the Masters of Astapor, raised and trained as Unsullied. Now I fight for Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons and Breaker of Chains.
Old slave: You are Unsullied? They taught you how to fight before you could walk. We are not soldiers!
Adult slave: We have no training, no weapons.
Narrator: Grey Worm and the Unsullied dump bags filled with swords on the ground.
Grey Worm: There are three slaves in this city for every Master. No one can give you your freedom, brothers. If you want it, you must take it.

Dialog #226
Daenerys Targaryen: Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?
Jorah Mormont: 163, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes, that was it. [nods to the Unsullied]
Barristan Semly: Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours. All these people, they're your subjects now. Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will answer injustice with justice.

Dialog #227
Jaime Lannister: What the hell was that?
Bronn: That was me knocking your ass to the dirt with your own hand.
Jaime Lannister: You're a rare talent. When you're fighting cripples, anyway.
Bronn: You learned to fight like a good little boy. I'll bet that thrust through the Mad King's back was pretty as a picture. You want to fight pretty or you want to win?
Jaime Lannister: You talk to my brother this way?
Bronn: All the time. He got used to it.
Jaime Lannister: Do you think he did it?
Bronn: No. Oh, he hated the little twat, sure. But who didn't? And poison's not his style. Or murder, for that matter. You want to know for sure, why don't you ask him? You haven't been to see him yet, eh?
Jaime Lannister: We're done for today.
Bronn: Your brother ever tell you how I came into his service?
Jaime Lannister: You stood for him in his trial by combat at the Eyrie.
Bronn: Aye. But only when Lady Arryn demanded the trial take place that day. You were his first choice. He named you for his champion because he knew you would ride day and night to come fight for him. You gonna fight for him now?

Dialog #228
Jaime Lannister: To tell you the truth, this isn't so bad. Four walls. A pot to piss in. I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months.
Tyrion Lannister: Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Jaime Lannister: Maybe a bit. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.
Tyrion Lannister: It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?
Jaime Lannister: How do you think? Her son died in her arms.
Tyrion Lannister: Her son?
Jaime Lannister: Don't. [Pause] You know what's coming?
Tyrion Lannister: My trial for regicide. Yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count. And that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.
Jaime Lannister: Now that you mention it, she did ask.
Tyrion Lannister: So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
Jaime Lannister: Depends. Did you do it?
Tyrion Lannister: The Kingslayer brothers. You like it? I like it. You're really asking if I killed your son?
Jaime Lannister: Are you really asking if I'd kill my brother? How can I help you?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, you could set me free.
Jaime Lannister: You know I can't.
Tyrion Lannister: Then there's really nothing else to say.
Jaime Lannister: What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? I'm the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Tyrion Lannister: Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.
Jaime Lannister: Inappropriate? You're accused of killing the king. Freeing you is treason.
Tyrion Lannister: Except I didn't do it.
Jaime Lannister: Which is why we're having a trial.
Tyrion Lannister: A trial. If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike.
Jaime Lannister: Not just yours. She's offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa couldn't have done this.
Jaime Lannister: She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms. Do you think it's a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
Tyrion Lannister: No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway.

Dialog #229
Sansa Stark: (looks up as Littlefinger comes down the stairs to her cabin) Where are you taking me?
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: "I'm getting married to your aunt, Lhysa- she's waiting for us at the Eyrie. You'll be safe there. (Sansa gives him a doubtful expression, looking around her)
Sansa Stark:...Did you kill Joffrey?
Petyr Baelish: (smiles) Did I kill Joffrey? I've been in the Vale, for weeks.
Sansa Stark: I know it was you.
Petyr Baelish: (gives her a mocking smile) And who helped me with this conspiracy?
Sansa Stark:...Well, there was Ser Dontos...You used him to get me out of King's Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the King.
Petyr Baelish: (smiles, winks approvingly) Why not?
Sansa Stark:...Because you're too smart to trust a drunk.
Petyr Baelish: Then, perhaps it was your husband.
Sansa Stark: No.
Petyr Baelish: How do you know?
Sansa Stark:...I just do.
Petyr Baelish: (nods slowly) You're right. He wasn't involved in Joffrey's death- but you were. (Sansa stares at him) Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I don't suppose you noticed that a stone was missing, after the feast...
Sansa Stark: The poison. (Baelish smiles) I don't understand! The Lannisters gave you wealth, power- Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal!
Petyr Baelish: (shrugs) A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are, or what you want- they can't know what you plan to do next.
Sansa Stark:...I don't believe you. If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike, just like my father's. You'd risk that, just to confuse them?
Petyr Baelish: (smiles and steps towards her) So many men- they risk so little. They spend their lives avoiding danger. And then they die. (puts his hand on her shoulder) I'd risk everything... to get what I want.
Sansa Stark:...And what do you want?
Petyr Baelish: ( strokes her arm for a moment) Everything. (turns away) My friendship with the Lannisters was productive... but Joffrey? A vicious boy with a crown on his head- He's not a reliable ally. Who could trust a friend like that?
Sansa Stark: Who could trust you?
Petyr Baelish: I don't want friends like me. My new friends are predictable, very reasonable people. As for what happened to Joffrey, well... that was something my new friends wanted, very badly. Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong.

Dialog #230
Margaery Tyrell: I can't believe you're going. Leaving me with these people!
Olenna Tyrell: The time has come, my dear. There's nothing more tedious than a trial... except perhaps these gardens. If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through the gardens, I'll fling myself from the cliffs. (Margaery giggles) Have you been to see Tommen yet?
Margaery Tyrell: No. Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything. (they sit down)
Olenna Tyrell: I wasn't originally engaged to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know. He was engaged to marry my sister, your great-aunt Viola. I was engaged to marry some Targaryen or other- marrying a Targaryen was all the rage, back then. But, the moment I saw my intended- with his twitchy little ferret's face and ludicrous silver hair- I knew he wouldn't do. So- the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and happened upon his chambers. (Margaery grins with her) How absent-minded of me.
Margaery Tyrell: Mm-hmm.
Olenna Tyrell: The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister, because the boy couldn't bloody walk. (Margaery laughs) And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what I'd given him, the night before. (looks pointedly at her granddaughter and takes her hand) I was good. I was very, very good. You are even better, but you need to act quickly. Cersei may be vicious, but she's not stupid- she'll turn the boy against you as soon as she can- and by the time you're married, it'll be too late. (pause) Luckily for you, the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy. Accusing her brother of his murder- which, he didn't commit. (scoffs)
Margaery Tyrell: (frowns) Well, he could have done.
Olenna Tyrell: (shakes her head) Oh, he could have done, but he didn't.
Margaery Tyrell: You don't know, Grandmother.
Olenna Tyrell: (gives her a direct look) But I do know. (Margaery stares at her in shock, realizing Olenna was the one who poisoned Joffrey) You don't think I'd have let you marry that beast, do you?
Margaery Tyrell: What- I don't understand-
Olenna Tyrell: Shhhh. (adjusts Margaery's necklace) Don't you worry yourself about all that. (pause) You just do what needs to be done.

Dialog #231
Tommen Baratheon: (startled) Ser Pounce? (pause, sits up as he notices approaching torchlight from the entrance of his chambers, only to find it is Margaery holding a candle.) How did you get past the Kingsguard?
Margaery Tyrell: (teasingly, as she approaches the bed) Kingsguard?
Tommen Baratheon: I...don't think you're supposed to be here. Mother doesn't allow me to have visitors at night.
Margaery Tyrell: (whispers as she lights the candles on Tommen's bedside) I'm not a visitor, Your Grace. Word has it I'm to be your bride. Did you know that people in arranged marriages often never meet until their wedding day? (sits on his bedside) Before we decide to spend our lives together, we ought to get to know one another, don't you think?
Tommen Baratheon: (pause) Yes. But if my mother found out-
Margaery Tyrell: It can be our secret, hmm? If we're going to be man and wife, we'll have a few secrets from her, I hope. So, your Grace...
Tommen Baratheon: ...Yes?
Margaery Tyrell: Tell me a secret. (laughs as Ser Pounce hops up onto the bed) Hello! Aren't you a proper fellow?
Tommen Baratheon: That's Ser Pounce.
Margaery Tyrell: Very handsome.
Tommen Baratheon: Joffrey didn't like him. He threatened to skin him alive and mix his innards up in my food so I wouldn't know I was eating him.
Margaery Tyrell: That's very cruel. (looks at Tommen thoughtfully) You don't strike me as cruel.
Tommen Baratheon: No. I don't think I am.
Margaery Tyrell: That's a relief. Because you know what happens when we marry?
Tommen Baratheon: (didactically) We say our vows in front of the High Septon, and after the ceremony, there's a feast-
Margaery Tyrell: (chuckles) When we marry, I become yours. Forever. (pause) It's getting late. I should go. May I come and visit you again? (Tommen nods nervously, Margaery chuckles again) Alright. (leans forward) Remember, our little secret.

Dialog #232
Brienne of Tarth: (reading from "The History of the Kingsguard") "Ser Jaime Lannister. Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his sixteenth year. At the Sack of King's Landing, murdered his King, Aerys the Second. Pardoned by Robert Baratheon; thereafter known as Ser Kingslayer." (looks up at Jaime, who is pacing around the table)
Jaime Lannister:...It's the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages... (glances over at the Valyrian steel sword given to him by Tywin) And there's still room left on mine. (he hefts the sword, balancing it awkwardly on his maimed arm, and hands it to Brienne, who examines it carefully)
Brienne of Tarth: ...Valyrian steel. (Jaime nods)
Jaime Lannister:...It's yours.
Brienne of Tarth: (looks up sharply) I can't accept-
Jaime Lannister: It's reforged from Ned Stark's sword. (Brienne stares at him, then back at the sword) We'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. We swore an oath... to return the Stark girls to their mother.(grimly) Lady Stark's dead. Arya's probably dead, too, but there's still a chance to find Sansa, and get her somewhere safe. (pause) I've got something else for you. (walks around her and pulls a curtain off a specially made suit of armor; amazed, Brienne comes over to examine it) I hope I got your measurements right.
Brienne of Tarth: I'll find her. For Lady Catelyn. (Jaime nods) And for you.
Jaime Lannister: I almost forgot. I have one more gift.

Dialog #233
Narrator: [Jaime has gifted Tyrion's former squire, Podrick Payne, to Brienne before her departure from King's Landing]
Brienne of Tarth: (sharply) I don't need a squire. (Pod and Bronn looks on awkwardly)
Jaime Lannister: (amused) Of course you do!
Brienne of Tarth: He'll slow me down!
Jaime Lannister: (urgently) My brother owes him a debt; he's not safe here. You'll be keeping him from harm- it's chivalry.
Podrick Payne: I won't slow you down, Ser- (they both look at him)...Milady. I- I promise I'll serve you well.
Jaime Lannister: See? He's a good lad, you'll get along. (Brienne looks reluctant)
Bronn: (claps Pod on the shoulder and offers him a short, double-bladed axe) Compliments of Lord Tyrion- his axe, from the Blackwater. (Pod, moved, takes the axe and examines it, smiling) What're you waitin' for, a kiss? Ready the lady's horse. (Pod hastily goes to do so, Jaime walks up to Brienne)
Jaime Lannister: (smiles) They say, the best swords have names. Any ideas?
Brienne of Tarth: Oathkeeper. (Jaime nods, long pause)
Jaime Lannister: Goodbye, Brienne.

Dialog #234
High Septon: May the Warrior grant him courage and protect him in these dark times. May the Smith grant him strength, that he might bear this heavy burden. And may the Crone, she that knows the fate of all men, show him the path he must walk and guide him through the dark places that lie ahead. In the light of the Seven, I now proclaim Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. [crowns Tommen] Long may he reign!

Dialog #235
Narrator: (Cersei comes to join Margaery, who eyes her warily)
Margaery Tyrell: (coolly) Your Grace?
Cersei Lannister: (they both watch her son Tommen) There he is.
Margaery Tyrell: Long may he reign.
Cersei Lannister: 'Long may he reign.'
Margaery Tyrell: He sits the Throne like he was born to it.
Cersei Lannister: Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?
Margaery Tyrell: No, he wasn't.
Cersei Lannister: You still mourn for Joffrey? (touches Margaery's black mantle)
Margaery Tyrell: He was my husband, my King.
Cersei Lannister: He would have been your nightmare.
Margaery Tyrell: (pause) Your Grace, I-
Cersei Lannister: You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. It doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?
Margaery Tyrell: No.
Cersei Lannister: The things he did shocked me. (Margaery glances at her, then they both look towards Tommen) He's only a boy. A good boy, a decent boy, he always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder?... He could be the first man to sit on that throne in fifty years to actually deserve it.
Margaery Tyrell: (nods) It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.
Cersei Lannister: He will need help... if he's going to rule well. (looks pointedly at Margaery)
Margaery Tyrell: He has you. (ducks her head respectfully)
Cersei Lannister: A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being Queen, I take it?
Margaery Tyrell: (scoffs) After all that's happened? (Cersei continues looking at her pointedly) It sounds strange, I know, but I haven't given any thought to it. What comes next. (she meets Cersei's gaze) It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it. (she watches Mace Tyrell talking to someone in the hall)
Cersei Lannister: Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine. (watches Tywin, standing next to Tommen's throne.)
Margaery Tyrell: (leans close to Cersei conspiratorially) We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon. (they both smile, amused) I won't even know what to call you. Sister, or Mother? (Cersei's smile fades as she looks away, remembering her betrothal to Loras)

Dialog #236
Jorah Mormont: Joffrey Baratheon is dead. Murdered at his own wedding. (Daenerys stares at him in amazement)
Barristan Selmy: And we've taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.
Daario Naharis: The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Who told you to take their Navy?
Daario Naharis: No one.
Daenerys Targaryen: So why did you do it?
Daario Naharis: I heard you like ships. (shrugs at Selmy as Daenerys turns away)
Daenerys Targaryen: How many ships?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many men can they carry?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three hundred, not counting sailors.
Daenerys Targaryen: (looks to Jorah Mormont) Would that be enough to take King's Landing?
Jorah Mormont: The Lannisters have more.
Barristan Selmy: (confidently) They've been fighting Joffrey's mad wars for years. They're tired, dispersed, and now their King is dead. (Daario Naharis nods) 8,000 Unsullied and 2,000 Second Sons sail into Blackwater Bay, storm the gates without warning... (Dany continues to look to Jorah)
Jorah Mormount: It's hard to say. Could be enough... but we're not fighting to make you Queen of King's Landing. Ten thousand men cannot conquer Westeros.
Barristan Selmy: The old Houses will flock to our Queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.
Jorah Mormount: The old Houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have. (stands up) There's other news, from Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have re-taken control of the city. They've re-enslaved what freed men have stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. (Daenerys turns away) And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon, who's declared himself 'His Imperial Majesty'.
Daenerys Targaryen: (to her council) Please leave me. (they begin to leave) Not you, Jorah. (Jorah comes back) It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.
Jorah Mormont: You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind. A boy sits on the Iron Throne, a boy whom many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They have never been more vulnerable.
Daenerys Targaryen: You counceled me against rashness in Qarth. I didn't listen, but all worked out well. (pause) How can I rule seven Kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?! (turns away)
Jorah Mormont: You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: I need to be more than that. (turns around again) I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.
Jorah Mormont: What, then?
Daenerys Targaryen: I will do what Queens do. I will rule.

Dialog #237
Tywin Lannister: When will the wedding take place, in your mind?
Cersei Lannister: As soon as decency permits. After we've allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother... and Margaery, to mourn her husband.
Tywin Lannister: A fortnight?
Cersei Lannister: That seems reasonable.
Tywin Lannister: (nods) No jugglers, no jousting dwarves, no seventy-seven-course meals. (Cersie nods assent) And your wedding to Loras?
Cersei Lannister: (glares at him)... Shortly after Tommen's.
Tywin Lannister: (suspicious) Shortly?
Cersei Lannister: (impatiently) A fortnight.
Tywin Lannister: (nods, satisfied) I know you don't like them. (smiles wryly) I didn't like your husband- he used to pat me on the back a lot. I didn't trust him.
Cersei Lannister: We had that in common.
Tywin Lannister: You don't need to make formal alliances with people you trust.
Cersei Lannister: And whom can we trust?
Tywin Lannister: Ourselves, alone. (stands up, pours wine) The Tyrells are our only true rivals in terms of resources and we need them on our side. (passes Cersei a goblet)
Cersei Lannister: Robert wasn't particularly rich.
Tywin Lannister: (scornfully) Robert had me funding him. (pours himself wine) Wars swallowed gold like a pit in the earth.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one. (takes a drink)
Tywin Lannister: D'you know how much gold was mined in the Westerlands, this past year?
Cersei Lannister: (deadpan) Haven't a clue.
Tywin Lannister: Go on. Your best guess.
Cersei Lannister: Pounds, tons, ounces?
Tywin Lannister: (grimly) Doesn't matter. The answer's the same.
Cersei Lannister: (stares at him) That can't be.
Tywin Lannister: Our last working goldmine ran dry three years ago.
Cersei Lannister: (pause) Then how do we pay for anything?
Tywin Lannister: The Crown owes the Iron Bank of Braavos a tremendous amount of money. (walks back to his desk)
Cersei Lannister: How much?
Tywin Lannister: A tremendous amount. (sits down)
Cersei Lannister: There must be someone at the Iron Bank that you can speak to. Come to some arrangement.
Tywin Lannister: (impatiently) The Iron Bank is the Iron Bank; there is no someone. (takes a drink)
Cersei Lannister: (also impatiently) Someone does work there, it is comprised of people-
Tywin Lannister: And a temple is comprised of stones; one stone crumbles, and another takes its place and the temple holds its form for a thousand years or more. And that's what the Iron Bank is. A temple. We all live in its shadow, and almost none of us know it. You can't run from them, you can't cheat them, you can't sway them with excuses. If you owe them money and you don't want to crumble yourself, you pay it back. (pause) Vesting the Tyrells in the Crown will help a great deal, in this respect.
Cersei Lannister: (nods) It's for the good of the family, I understand that. (pause) I'm not sure my brothers do. (drinks)
Tywin Lannister: I know you're building a strong case against Tyrion and as a mother that is your right. But as a judge, I cannot discuss the trial with you.
Cersei Lannister: (shrugs hastily) I respect that we don't need to discuss it. (sets down her goblet, stands up) The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters. You've started wars to protect this family, turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to it's future. What does Tyrion deserve, for lighting that future on fire? (She walks out, Tywin watches her)

Dialog #238
Lysa Arryn: What took you so long?
Petyr Baelish: Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.
Lysa Arryn: She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening. Let's get married tonight.
Petyr Baelish: Ought we not inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
Lysa Arryn: There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me.
Petyr Baelish:I do think that we could wait until-
Lysa Arryn: I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?
Petyr Baelish: Like it was yesterday.
Lysa Arryn: What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine- when you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters--
Narrator: [Petyr interrupts Lysa by kissing her passionatly]
Petyr Baelish: The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real. Tonight it is, then. Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately.
Narrator: [Lysa opens the doors, revealing a septon]
Lysa Arryn: I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea.

Dialog #239
Oberyn Martell: (As he is writing in the gardens, Cersei appears; as she and her Lannister guardsmen approach, he glances at them and sets down his quill) Your Grace. (stands up, half-bows)
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) Prince Oberyn. (indicates the paper) Writing letters?
Oberyn Martell: A poem, actually.
Cersei Lannister: (nods) May I show you the gardens?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles wryly) I couldn't very well refuse a royal escort.
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) No, you couldn't. (they walk through the royal gardens, the guards trailing them at a distance) I didn't realize you were a poet.
Oberyn Martell: Not a very good one, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: For your paramour?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) For one of my daughters.
Cersei Lannister': You have several, don't you?
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) Eight.
Cersei Lannister: (chuckles) Eight? Eight daughters...
Oberyn Martell: The fifth is difficult. I named her after my sister, Elia.
Cersei Lannister: Beautiful name.
Oberyn Martell: Yes- but I can't say it without turning sad. And, after I turn sad... I grow angry.
Cersei Lannister: (raises an eyebrow) Perhaps that's why she's difficult. (pause) The Gods love their stupid jokes, don't they?
Oberyn Martell: Which joke is that?
Cersei Lannister: You're a Prince of Dorne- a legendary fighter, a brilliant man feared throughout Westeros... but you could not save your sister. I am a Lannister, a Queen for nineteen years, daughter of the most powerful man alive, but I could not save my son. What good is power, if you cannot protect the ones you love?
Oberyn Martell: We can avenge them.
Cersei: Yes- we can avenge them. (they reach the coastal cliffs)
Oberyn Martell: (skeptically) You really believe Tyrion murdered your son?
Cersei Lannister: (meets his eyes) I know he did.
Oberyn Martell: Well, we will have a trial, and then we will learn the truth.
Cersei Lannister: We'll have a trial, anyway. (pause) I haven't seen my daughter in over a year.
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) The last time I saw her, she was swimming with two of my girls in the Water Gardens... laughing in the sun.
Cersei Lannister: (nods slowly) I want to believe that. I want to believe... she's happy.
Oberyn Martell: (gently) You have my word. (pause) We don't hurt little girls, in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: (sadly,bitterly)... Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls. (Oberyn looks away, unable to deny it; there is an awkward pause) Would you bring her a gift, from me? (Oberyn looks at her) I wasn't there for her Nameday... I don't know when I'll see her again.
Oberyn Martell: Anything at all. (Cersei points to a small ship with gold-striped sails, in the harbor)
Cersei Lannister: The best shipwrights in King's Landing have been working on it for months (smiles tearfully)...Myrcella loves the open water.
Oberyn Martell: I will have it sailed down to Sunspear for her.
Cersei Lannister: (voice breaking) Please tell her... her mother misses her, very much. (She nods to Oberyn and walks away with her escort; Oberyn stares after her with a conflicted expression)

Dialog #240
Lysa Arryn: Your mother always had a sweet tooth, you know?
Sansa Stark: Really?
Lysa Arryn: Oh, yes. At suppertime, she would go straight for honey cakes, candied almonds, custard. Anything sweet. Eventually, your grandfather had to assign a septa to watch her at meals. Cat was the firstborn daughter after all. It was important that she remain desirable so Father could arrange a good match for her and she was starting to get fat.
Sansa Stark: [incredulous] My mother fat? She never let me have my pudding until I'd finished all my proper food.
Lysa Arryn: This is before she married your father and moved to the North. By the time you were born, your father's austerity had become hers. Marriage changes people. [notices Sansa has stopped eating] I didn't mean for you to stop. Go on, enjoy them. How do you like them?
Sansa Stark: They're delicious. Where did you get the lemons? You can't grow them up here.
Lysa Arryn: Oh, gods, no. Petyr had three crates brought all the way from King's Landing. He knew you liked lemon cakes.
Sansa Stark: He's so kind.
Lysa Arryn: He really cares for you. Think where you'd be without him. In their clutches and tried for murder.
Sansa Stark: Yes. I'm very lucky.
Lysa Arryn: He feels responsible for you.
Sansa Stark: Oh, I know he does. I'm so grateful.
Lysa Arryn: [sharply] Why? Why does he feel responsible for you?
Sansa Stark: Well, I'm half Tully. He loved your... family so much.
Lysa Arryn: Loved your mother.
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: That's what you wanted to say.
Sansa Stark: He loves you, Aunt Lysa. He's married to you.
Lysa Arryn: Your mother never loved him. Never. Cat always went straight for the sweetest thing. The most obvious thing. Your Uncle Brandon. Your handsome, arrogant, cruel Uncle Brandon. He almost killed Petyr in a duel. And your mother loved him anyway. And now Petyr is risking his life to save you, the daughter of a woman who didn't love him no more than those whores in his brothels. Has he told you about them?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: He hasn't told you about the vile things they do with their bodies? [squeezes Sansa's hands] The vile things they let him do with their bodies?
Sansa Stark: No, never.
Lysa Arryn: Are you pregnant?
Sansa Stark: What? No, I told you. Lord Tyrion and I never-
Lysa Arryn: I wasn't asking about Tyrion. What have you let Petyr do with your body?
Sansa Stark: Aunt Lysa, no, I-
Lysa Arryn: Your young, pretty body.
Sansa Stark: Nothing. I'm a virgin.
Lysa Arryn: Don't lie to me.
Sansa Stark: You're hurting me.
Lysa Arryn: I'll know if you lie.
Sansa Stark: I'm a virgin, I swear it. He loves you, Aunt Lysa. All he says is that I'm stupid. I'm a stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns and I'm a terrible liar, so I should always tell the truth. And I swear to you that he has never touched me. Not once, not ever.
Lysa Arryn: Shh. Shh. Shh. It's all right. It will all be all right. You'll be a widow soon. They'll execute that dwarf for murdering the king and you'll be free to marry Robin. You'll be the Lady of the Vale.

Dialog #241
Arya Stark: Joffrey...Cersei...Walder Frey...Meryn Trant...Tywin Lannister...The Red Woman...Beric Dondarrion...Thoros of Myr...Illyn Payne...The Mountain...
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: Would you shut up?
Arya Stark: I can't sleep until I say the names.
Sandor Clegane: The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
Arya Stark: Only the ones I'm going to kill.
Sandor Clegane: Huh. (nods) Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a man going- better than most. (pause) We come across my brother... maybe we can both cross a name off a list.
Arya Stark: (sits up) If he were here right now, what would you do?
Sandor Clegane: (glances at her) I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. (closes his eyes) Go on, get it over with- your list of doomed men.
Arya Stark: I'm almost done. Only one name left.
Sandor Clegane: Go on!
Arya Stark: (lies down, pause) The Hound. (she closes her eyes, Sandor opens his and glances at her for a moment)

Dialog #242
Sandor Clegane: The hell you doing?
Arya Stark: Practicing.
Sandor Clegane: What, ways to die?
Arya Stark: No one's going to kill me.
Sandor Clegane: They will if you nance around like that. That's no way to fight.
Arya Stark: It's not fighting. It's water dancing.
Sandor Clegane: Dancing? Maybe you ought to put on a dress. Who taught you that shite?
Arya Stark: The greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos.
Sandor Clegane: [scoffs] Braavos. Greasy-haired little bastard, I bet. They all are.
Arya Stark: What do you know about anything?
Sandor Clegane: I bet his hair is greasier than Joffrey's cunt.
Arya Stark: It was not.
Sandor Clegane: Was? He dead?
Arya Stark: Yes.
Sandor Clegane: How?
Arya Stark: He was killed.
Sandor Clegane: Who by?
Arya Stark: Meryn Trant. That's why Ser Meryn--
Sandor Clegane: Meryn Trant? The greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by Meryn fucking Trant?
Arya Stark: He was outnumbered.
Sandor Clegane: Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.
Arya Stark: Syrio didn't have a sword. Or armor. Just a stick.
Sandor Clegane: The greatest swordsman who ever lived didn't have a sword? [laughs] All right. You have a sword. Let's see what he taught you. Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend. Dead like all the rest of your friends.
Narrator: [Arya stabs him with Needle, but the sword won't penetrate his armor and Sandor smacks her in the face, knocking her down; he picks up Needle and holds the point to her throat ]
Sandor Clegane: Your friend's dead and Meryn Trant's not. 'Cause Trant had armor, and a big fucking sword. [he reverses Needle and offers her the handle]

Dialog #243
Narrator: [Jon Snow and the Night's Watch have invaded Craster's Keep, manned by the mutineers; Jon enters the dining-hall to find Karl Tanner killing one of the Brothers]
Karl Tanner: (draws twin daggers and bows mockingly to Jon) Lord Snow. You bringin' me back for trial? (sharpens his blades against each other as Jon advances on him, holding Longclaw) We had a good thing here. We were free men. You'll never be free. You'll never know what that's like- (he and Jon rush each other, clash momentarily, then circle the fire; Karl grins and attacks again. Jon is unable to use his sword properly at such close quarters and Karl elbows him in the face) You learn how to fight in a castle? (Jon attacks him, but Karl manages to pin his sword momentarily and wound him in the hip) Some old man teach you how to stand, how to parry? (Jon forces him back, but Karl hits him in the face again) How to fight with honor?! (Jon continues to attack, but is clearly getting the worst of it) You know what's wrong with honor? (they pin their blades against each other and Karl spits in Jon's face, trips him, kicks Longclaw out of his hand and steps on his wrist. Karl raises his blades for the kill, but suddenly one of Craster's daughter-wives stabs him in the shoulder) You... (pulls the knife out of his shoulder and advances on her furiously. Suddenly, Jon thrusts Longclaw through the back of Karl's head and out his mouth, killing him)
Jon Snow: (withdraws Longclaw from Karl's head and kneels next to the woman) Are you all right? (she nods, staring at Karl's corpse) Come with me- come on.

Dialog #244
Narrator: [Jon and Craster's daughter-wife come outside to find Grenn and the other Brothers killing the last of the mutineers. Edd drags Locke's body over to the pile of corpses, unaware of his betrayal]
Jon Snow: We lost four brothers?
Dolorous Edd: Five. (indicates Locke)
Grenn: (stares at Locke's horribly broken neck) What in Seven Hells could do that to a man?
Jon Snow: (glances around) I count ten dead mutineers. Locke said there were eleven of them.
Dolorous Edd: Where's Rast? (brief montage of Rast fleeing through the snowy forest and being killed by Ghost)
Watchman: Here's another!
Grenn: (glances up and sees Ghost appear at the gate of Craster's Keep) Jon? (indicates Ghost when Jon looks up)
Jon Snow: (smiles) Where in Seven Hells?! Come here!(Ghost comes up to his master, whining happily, and Jon pets him) I've missed you, boy.
Dolorous Edd: (indicates Craster's surviving daughter-wives) What should we do with this lot?
Jon Snow: (addresses them) It's not safe for you out here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way, and there's worse out there than Mance. (pause) Come with us to Castle Black- we can find you work, keep you safe.
Craster's first wife: Meaning all respect, Ser Crow- Craster beat us, and worse. Your brother Crows beat us, and worse. We'll find our own way.
Jon Snow: (looks from her to the damaged Keep) You want to stay here? In Craster's Keep?
Craster's first wife: (looks up at the hall and spits) Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.

Dialog #245
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, if you'd like to sit-
Stannis Baratheon: (pacing impatiently) We've been here since mid-day!
Davos Seaworth: Easterners often have a different sense of time, I've found. Once, I was waiting for Salladhor Saan, here on Braavos- together we were gonna run three shiploads of the finest- (sees the look on Stannis' face and breaks off. As Stannis resumes his pacing, three envoys of the Iron Bank of Braavos finally enter and sit)
Tycho Nestoris: (smiles coldly) Welcome to the Iron Bank. Please...sit (Stannis looks from Davos to the envoys, then finally sits) What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
Davos Seaworth: (angrily) This is Stannis of the House Baratheon- King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm! (Tycho pauses, then gestures for him to sit; Davos does so)
Tycho Nestoris: The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Stannis Baratheon: He shares no blood with me. He was a bastard born of incest, as was his brother before him.
Tycho Nestoris: (smiles, nods) Yes- we've heard this story.
Stannis Baratheon: It's not a story! It's the truth!
Tycho Nestoris: The King's grandfather tells a different story: a story about a jealous uncle, whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful King cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly, in blood... and gold.
Stannis Baratheon: Gold you loaned him.
Tycho Nestoris: And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
Stannis Baratheon: More than any man living.
Tycho Nestoris: Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "Usurper", "Madman" and "blood right". Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell- more plain, less... open to interpretation. (smiles) How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
Stannis Baratheon: Four thousand.
Tycho Nestoris: And how many ships do you have? (Davos opens his mouth to speak) The ones still afloat, Ser Davos- not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth:...Thirty-two.
Tycho Nestoris: And, how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your... four thousand men, on your thirty-two ships?
Stannis Baratheon: None.
Tycho Nestoris: (raises his eyebrows) You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending, from our perspective. I'm afraid we must...respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit. (Stannis glares at Davos; they stand up. Stannis moves away, but Davos steps towards the table)
Davos Seaworth: My lord-
Tycho Nestoris: I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.
Davos Seaworth: Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another. (shows his mutilated hand) This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.
Tycho Nestoris: The war is over.
Davos Seaworth: As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?
Tycho Nestoris: Ser Davos-
Davos Seaworth: Humor me.
Tycho Nestoris: Tywin Lannister.
Davos Seaworth: How old is Tywin Lannister?
Tycho Nestoris: 67.
Davos Seaworth: 67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? [Tycho begins to frown for the first time.] Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?
Tycho Nestoris: That is a problem for another time.
Davos Seaworth: Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. (points to Stannis, who turns to stare at him) Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. (shows his hand again) And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it.

Dialog #246
Narrator: [Yara Greyjoy has stormed the Dreadfort with a band of Ironborn to rescue her brother Theon; she finds him locked in the dog kennels]
Bolton guard: Last cage on the right! (a bell begins to toll, alerting the castle to the attack)
Yara Greyjoy: Thank you. (she slits his throat with her hatchet, then approaches Theon's cage; Ramsay's hounds begin barking and snarling) We're going home. (Theon/Reek backs against the wall of his cage, terrified; Yara smashes the lock off the door with her hatchet)
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: No! (backs away from her as she opens the door)
Yara Greyjoy: It's all right! It's me,Yara.
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: You can't trick m! Tell him! Tell him you couldn't trick me!
Yara Greyjoy: I'm not tricking you, Theon! I'm saving you-
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name's Reek!
Bolton guards: (nearby) They're here!
Greyjoy bannerman: If they catch us in here, we're trapped!
Yara Greyjoy: Help me with him! (she grabs Theon by the arm and pulls him out of the cage, assisted by her bannerman)
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: (crying hysterically) No, you can't! You can't!
Yara Greyjoy: You're Theon Greyjoy!
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: No! I've never been him! Please- I'm Reek, good Reek, I've always been Reek!-
Narrator: [The Greyjoy bannerman covers his mouth. At that moment, Ramsay Snow and a number of Bolton bannermen enter the kennels; Theon immediately goes silent with terror as Ramsay stares at Yara and her men]
Ramsay Snow: (grins viciously and draws his weapons) This is turning into a lovely evening. (The Bolton and Greyjoy forces attack each other, while the dogs in their cages are driven into a frenzy by the battle. Yara tries to keep hold of Theon, but he bites her arm, forcing her to let go; he flees back into his cage)
Yara Greyjoy: Aaargh! Theon! (She is forced to re-enter the battle. By the time it is settled, she and her two remaining men are near the entrance to the kennels, while Ramsay and his two remaining men are near Theon's cage) Give me my brother back, and no more of your men will die.
Ramsay Snow: (shrugs) You've got bigger balls than he ever did. (puts away his dagger and pulls out a bunch of keys) But, with those... big balls of yours... (grins savagely at her as he moves to unlock the hounds' cages) How fast can you run?!

Dialog #247
Yara Greyjoy: (fleeing back to the longboats with her surviving men) Make for the ship now.
Greyjoy Bannerman: But your brother?
Yara Greyjoy: (grimly) My brother's dead.

Dialog #248
Varys: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys.
Varys: Only "Varys". I'm not actually a nobleman; no-one is under obligation to call me "Lord".
Oberyn Martell: (smiles) And yet everyone does. (Varys shrugs)
Varys:...You seemed quite knowledgeable about the Unsullied, Prince Oberyn. Did you spend much time in Essos?
Oberyn Martell: Five years.
Varys: May I ask why?
Oberyn: It is a big and beautiful world. Most people live and die in the same corner where we were born, and never get to see any of it. I don't want to be most of us.
Varys: (smiles) Most of us aren't princes.
Oberyn Martell: (stares at Varys for a moment, then smiles) Hmm. You...are from Essos. Where? Lhys?... (notices Varys' disconcerted expression) I have an ear for accents.
Varys: (sharply) I've lost my accent entirely.
Oberyn Martell: (smiles, nods) I have an ear for that as well. (pause) How did you get here?
Varys: It's a long story.
Oberyn Martell: (shrugs) One you don't like telling people?
Varys: (looks away) People I trust...
Oberyn Martell: (approaches him slowly) My paramour, Ellaria, she would find you very interesting. You should come to the brothel and meet her. We've brought our own wine- not the swill they serve here- and we have some lovely boys, on retainer. You did like boys, before? (Varys shakes his head, Oberyn looks surprised) Really? Girls? Hmm- hope you won't be offended when I say I never would have guessed.
Varys: Not at all... but I was never interested in girls either.
Oberyn Martell: (frowns) What, then?
Varys: Nothing.
Oberyn Martell: Everybody is interested in something.
Varys: (grimly) Not me. When I see what desire does to people- what it's done to this country- I am very glad to have no part in it. Besides, the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue... other things.
Oberyn Martell: Such as?... (he follows Vary's gaze to the Iron Throne; Varys walks away, and Oberyn smiles)

Dialog #249
Salladhor Saan: The lookout sees a pirate ship sailing their way. The captain shouts to his first mate, "Bring me my red shirt." The first mate brings the red shirt and the captain puts it on, and when the pirates try to board, the brave captain leads his men to victory. (Davos comes into the bathhouse, overhears Salladhor, and heads towards him) A few days later, the lookout screams, "Two pirate ships!" The crew is shivering like scared mice. But the courageous captain hollers, "Bring me my red shirt!" After the battle, the first mate asks, "Captain, why do you call for your red shirt before battle?" The captain replies, "So that if I am stabbed, you will not see me bleed." The next morning the lookout screams, "Ten pirate ships! We are surrounded!" The crew goes silent. They all look to their brave captain, waiting for his usual command. Calm as ever, the captain bellows—
Whores: [together] "Bring me my brown pants!!" [laughing]
Davos Seaworth: You think they ever met a pirate who didn't tell them that joke?
Salladhor Saan:...Davos (Davos chuckles) I heard you were rotting in a dungeon in Dragonstone!
Davos Seaworth: Only half-rotted. ( glances at one of the whores walking by; Salladhor chuckles and claps hands with him)
Salladhor Saan: Join us, my friend- join us! This is Lara- (indicates the first whore)
2nd Whore: I'm Lara! (squeals as Salladhor fondles her)
Salladhor Saan: She's an artist, this one- truly. (chuckles)
Davos Seaworth: No time, I'm afraid. We sail at sunrise.
Salladhor Saan: "We?"
Davos Seaworth: You, me- we.
Salladhor Saan: (rolls his eyes, to the whores) Once, I thought this man loved me- Now, I know he despises me. (whores giggle, Davos smiles) He wants to see me die poor and alone on some bald- (Davos drops a heavy leather purse on the edge of the bath with a thump, distracting Salladhor; he opens it to reveal rows and rows of gold coins)
Davos Seaworth: You won't be alone, and you won't be poor. There's a chest of the good stuff back at your house. I gave it to your wife. (Salladhor looks up sharply, then scowls at him as the whores giggle)
Salladhor Saan: You're not my friend, my friend. (Davos grins and stands up)
Davos Seaworth: I'll see you at sunrise.

Dialog #250
Narrator: [Dany is petitioned by a man carrying a ragged bundle]
Missandei: (speaking Valyrian) You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, the Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. (the petitioner doesn't move, his face turned down in fear)
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles, also speaking Valyrian) Don't be afraid, my friend. (the petitioner still doesn't move)
Missandei: (in Valyrian) The Queen says you may approach and speak. (the man slowly comes to the foot of Dany's dais and speaks in Ghiscari; Missandei translates to Common Tongue) He is a goatherd. He says he prayed for your victory against the slave masters.
Daenerys Targaryen: I thank him for his prayers. (Missandei translates, and the goatherd bows. He then lays his bundle on the steps in front of them and unwraps it to reveal charred goat bones)
Missandei: (translating the goatherd's Ghiscari) It was your dragons, he says. They came this morning for his flock. (the goatherd stands up, still speaking) He hopes he has not offended Your Grace... but now, he has nothing.
Daenerys Targaryen: Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship. (Missandei begins translating) I cannot bring back his goats, but I will see that he is paid their value, three times over.
Narrator: [Ser Barristan looks at her in surprise. The goatherd, astonished at her generosity, drops to his knees and thanks her repeatedly as he hastily packs up the goat bones. Missandei, Ser Jorah and Dany smile as the goatherd leaves the throne room]
Daenerys Targaryen: Send the next one in. (Hizdahr zo Loraq- a member of the former slaver class- enters with a servant)
Hizdahr's servant: (in Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq begs an audience with the Queen.
Daenerys Targaryen: (rolls her eyes, mutters in Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself. (the servant backs away, Hizdahr comes to the foot of her dais and bows)
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Queen Daenerys. Tales of your beauty were not exaggerated. (Dany smiles thinly)
Daenerys Targaryen: I thank you.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Mine is one of the oldest and proudest families in Meereen.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then, it is my honor to receive you.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: My father, one of Meereen's most respected and beloved citizens, oversaw the restoration of it's greatest landmarks- this pyramid included.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles) For that, he has my gratitude! I should be honored to meet him-
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (coldly) You have, Your Grace. You crucified him. (Dany's smile vanishes) I pray you will never live to see a member of your family treated so cruelly.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Your father crucified innocent children!
Hizdahr zo Loraq: My father spoke out against crucifying those children. He decried it as a criminal act, but was overruled. Is it justice to answer one crime with another?
Daenerys Targaryen: (ashamed, but still angry) I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the Masters was no crime- you'd be wise to remember that.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: What's done is done. (gestures to her and to himself) You are the Queen, and I am a servant of Meereen- a servant who does not wish to see its' traditions eradicated.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what traditions do you speak of?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: The tradition of funeral right. Proper burial in the temple of the Graces. (Dany frowns at him) My father and 162 noble Meereenese are still nailed to those posts- carrion for vultures! Rotting in the sun! (pause, kneels) Your Grace, I ask that you order these men taken down, so that they might receive proper burials.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well. Would you beg me for their right to a proper burial?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Your Grace, I cannot defend the actions of the Masters- I can only speak to you as a son, who loved his father. Let me take his body down! Let me have him brought to the temple and buried with dignity, so that he might find peace in the next world! (Dany stares down at him, conflicted)
Daenerys Targaryen: Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq.
Hizdahr zo Loraq:...Thank you, my Queen. (stands up, bows and walks out, followed by his servant)
Daenerys Targaryen: (to Missandei)...How many more?
Missandei: There are two hundred and twelve supplicants waiting, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen:...Two hundred and twelve? (glances at Jorah, who shrugs) Send the next one in.

Dialog #251
Oberyn Martell: These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. [sarcastic] So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you-
Narrator: [Tywin enters and everybody but Oberyn stands up]
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I-
Tywin Lannister: The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?
Varys: Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.
Cersei Lannister: A coward and a traitor.
Varys: My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "fuck the king" was uttered.
Pycelle: Disgraceful.
Tywin Lannister: What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
Varys: 10 Silver stags seems a generous bounty.
Tywin Lannister: Make it 100. What else?
Varys: More whispers from the east, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: The Targaryen girl?
Varys: Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.
Cersei Lannister: Conquered with what?
Varys: She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen. Some 8,000 strong. She has a company of sellswords, the Second Sons. She has two knights advising her. Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy. And, she has three dragons.
Cersei Lannister: Baby dragons.
Varys: Larger every year, Your Grace.
Pycelle: Mormont is spying on her for us.
Varys: No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated. (gives Cersei a reproachful look)
Cersei Lannister: (scornfully) He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.
Tywin Lannister: (impatient) Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.
Cersei Lannister: (defensively) Don't tell me you're worried about a child, halfway across the world.
Varys: (sarcastically) A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her... and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.
Tywin Lannister: Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with.
Pycelle: How, my lord? By force?
Tywin Lannister: Eventually, if it comes to that. (To Varys) Can your little birds find their way into Mereen?
Varys: Most certainly, my Lord Hand.

Dialog #252
Jaime Lannister: You'd condemn your own son to death?
Tywin Lannister: I've condemned no-one. The trial is not over.
Jaime Lannister: This isn't a trial, it's a farce! Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it!
Tywin Lannister: I know nothing of the sort.
Jaime Lannister: [angry] You've always hated Tyrion!
Tywin Lannister: He killed his king-
Jaime Lannister: As did I! Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head! I saved your life so you could murder my brother?!
Tywin Lannister: It won't be murder, it will be justice.
Jaime Lannister: Justice?!
Tywin Lannister: I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.
Jaime Lannister: He'll be executed.
Tywin Lannister: No, he'll be punished accordingly!
Jaime Lannister: Once, you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? [gestures to his armour] I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.
Tywin Lannister: [dismissive] I'm well aware of your oath.
Jaime Lannister: What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister?! Others whose names I don't even remember?!
Tywin Lannister: What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?!
Jaime Lannister: It survives...through me. [Tywin looks shocked] I'll leave the Kingsguard, I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.
Tywin Lannister: Done. [Jaime is stunned] When the testimony is concluded and the guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy, I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days times, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman, and father children named "Lannister". And you'll never turn your back on your family again.
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Tywin Lannister: And you have mine.

Dialog #253
Narrator: [Immediately after, Jaime approaches Tyrion during a recess in the trial]
Tyrion Lannister: Not going well, is it?!
Jaime Lannister: You're going to be found guilty-
Tyrion Lannister: [sarcastically] Oh, you think so?!
Jaime Lannister: And when you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy and ask to be sent to the Wall. Father's agreed to it. He'll spare your life and allow you join the Night's Watch.
Tyrion Lannister: Ned Stark was promised the same thing, and we both know how that turned out!
Jaime Lannister: Father's not Joffrey! He'll keep his word-
Tyrion Lannister: [Disbelieving] How do you know?
Jaime Lannister: Do you trust me? [Tyrion nods] Keep your mouth shut, no more outbursts. This will all be over soon.

Dialog #254
Tyrion: [after Shae testifies against him] Father... I wish to confess. I wish to confess.
Tywin: You wish to confess?
Tyrion: [to the audience of the trial] I saved you. I saved this city [angrily] and all your worthless lives! I should have let Stannis kill you all!
Narrator: [the crowd groans with disgust]
Tywin: Tyrion! [Tyrion looks at him] Do you wish to confess?
Tyrion: Yes... Father. I'm guilty. Guilty! Is that what you want to hear?!
Tywin: You admit you've poisoned the King?
Tyrion: No. Of that, I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime! I'm guilty of being a dwarf!
Tywin: [scoffs] You are not on trial for being a dwarf.
Tyrion: [angrily] Oh, yes I am! I've been on trial for that my entire life!
Tywin: [impatiently] Have you nothing to say on your defense?
Tyrion: Nothing but this: [with a grin; to Jaime] I did not do it. [with great fury; to Cersei] I did not kill Joffrey, but I WISH THAT I HAD! Watching your vicious bastard die give me more relief than a thousand lying whores! [Tyrion gives Shae a venomous look, then turns to the crowd] I wish I was the monster you think I am! I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you! I would gladly give my life to WATCH YOU ALL SWALLOW IT!
Narrator: [The entire crowd roars with outrage]
Tywin: [angrily stands] Ser Meryn! Ser Meryn, escort the prisoner back to his cell!
Tyrion: [stares irately at his father] I will NOT give my life for Joffrey's murder, and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate! I demand a trial by combat.
Narrator: [The crowd, once again, roars with outrage, as Margaery, Shae, Jaime and Cersei stare at Tyrion with disbelief; Oberyn leans forward, looking intrigued. Tyrion smiles bitterly at his father, who glares furiously back at him]

Dialog #255
Sandor Clegane: (inspecting a burned-out farmhouse with Arya) Could be food.
Arya Stark: Could be soldiers. (they explore the area and come upon a mortally wounded farmer; seeing no one else, they put away their swords) You shouldn't be sitting out here like this.
Farmer:...Where else to sit? Tried to walk back to me hut- hurt too much. Then, I remembered they burnt me hut down.
Sandor Clegane: Who were "they"?
Farmer: I stopped asking a while ago (Sandor kneels next to him, inspects his wound)
Sandor Clegane:...That's not going to get better.
Farmer:...Doesn't seem so
Sandor Clegane: Bad way to go. Haven't you had enough?
Farmer: Of what? (sees the look Sandor gives him and laughs weakly) I know- time to go. Take matters into me own hands. (Arya also kneels) The thought has occurred to me.
Arya Stark: So why go on? (Sandor looks at her)
Farmer:...Habit. (smiles weakly)
Arya Stark: Nothing could be worse than this.
Farmer:...Maybe nothing IS worse... than this.
Arya Stark: Nothing isn't better... or worse than anything.(pause) Nothing is just nothing. (The farmer looks up at her)
Farmer:...Who are you?
Arya Stark:...My name's Arya- Arya Stark.
Farmer: (looks up at Sandor) You her father? (Sandor shakes his head)
Sandor Clegane: Her captor. Bringing her to her aunt, for ransom.
Farmer: (nods) A fair exchange, that is. I always held to the notion of fair exchange, in all my dealings. You give me- I give you- fair. A balance. (pause) No balance, anymore. Can I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work. (Sandor holds his flask to his lips and he drinks) Wish it were wine.
Sandor Clegane: So do I (he stabs the farmer in the heart with a hunting knife; the farmer gasps, then looks up at him and smiles slightly as he dies. Sandor cleans the knife on the man's sleeve, turns to Arya) That's where the heart is. (stands up) That's how you kill a man-
Narrator: [Suddenly, a ragged man jumps on Sandor from behind and bites him on the neck. Arya springs up; roaring with pain, the Hound yanks his attacker off and breaks his neck. They turn to see another ragged man, Rorge, holding a sword, uncertain whether he should attack]
Sandor Clegane: (angrily, his hands clasped to the bite wound on his neck) The FUCk you doing?!
Rorge: There's a price on your head-
Sandor Clegane: Yes, that's what the King does when you tell him to fuck off.
Rorge: The King's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. (Arya and Sandor, surprised, look at each other) The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers- a hundred silver stags-
Sandor Clegane: (contemptuously) And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?
Arya Stark: (recognizing Rorge from Harrenhall) ...You were Yoren's prisoners, when he was taking me to the Wall. (moves towards him angrily, talking to Sandor) He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick. (Rorge stares at her uncertainly)
Sandor Clegane: (to Rorge) This day's really not working out the way you planned. (to Arya) He on your little list?
Arya: He can't be- I don't know his name.
Sandor Clegane: What's your name?
Rorge: Rorge.
Arya Stark: Thank you. (draws Needle and stabs Rorge through the heart)
Sandor Clegane: You're learning.

Dialog #256
Narrator: [Bronn enters Tyrion's cell, dressed in noble finery]
Bronn: My lord. [makes a mocking bow]
Tyrion Lannister: [suspicious] You have new clothes.
Bronn: You like them, eh? Gloves are doeskin, softer than a virgin's thighs.
Tyrion Lannister: I sent for you days ago.
Bronn: I've been a bit busy.
Tyrion Lannister: Doing what?!
Bronn: My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.
Tyrion Lannister: [astounded] Lollys Stokeworth?! She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.
Bronn: I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.
Tyrion Lannister: She's dim-witted!
Bronn: If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.
Tyrion Lannister: When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
Bronn: Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.
Tyrion Lannister: And you do understand the rules of inheritance?
Bronn: Falyse is forty and barren.
Tyrion Lannister: She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.
Bronn: [nods] She does...unless she happens to perish before her father, then Lollys gets the castle. [sees Tyrion's incredulous expression] What?! Ladies fall from their horse and snap their pretty necks all the time.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
Bronn: You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.
Tyrion Lannister: Is it two wives you want or two castles?!
Bronn: One of each would do... but if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm a bit short on castles at the moment, but I can offer you gold and gratitude.
Bronn: I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?
Tyrion Lannister: You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.
Bronn: Your sister's a Lannister too.
Tyrion Lannister: My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.
Bronn: If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm and close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock up before I could blink!
Tyrion Lannister: Does he frighten you so much?!
Bronn: I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong, and quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired from hacking at me he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow...but one misstep and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you're my friend.
Bronn: Aye, I'm your friend...and when have you ever risked your life for me? [Tyrion looks stunned and then despondent] I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just...like myself more.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand.
Bronn: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
Tyrion Lannister: Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. [they shake hands for the last time]
Bronn: We had some good days together.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, we did. [Bronn goes to leave, but stops at the door]
Bronn: What will you do?
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?
Bronn: [sincerely] I hope to hear them sing it one day.

Dialog #257
Jorah Mormont: Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
Daenerys Targaryen: I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.
Jorah Mormont: You have?
Daenerys Targaryen: I have.
Jorah Mormont: Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.
Daenerys Targaryen: That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men.
Jorah Mormont: They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.
Daenerys Targaryen: And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
Jorah Mormont: It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.
Daenerys Targaryen: Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.
Jorah Mormont: I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: And now you are helping me show them to freedom.
Jorah Mormont: I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: ...The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.
Jorah Mormont: Hizdahr zo Loraq?
Daenerys Targaryen: He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.
Jorah Mormont: Yes, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Tell him you changed my mind.

Dialog #258
Tyrion Lannister: (Oberyn enters the cell, lighting it with a torch) I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
Oberyn Martell: I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day. (puts the torch in a bracket)
Tyrion Lannister: Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like.
Oberyn Martell: Your sister, actually.
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes) ...Oh.
Oberyn Martell: (pulls up a bench, sits across from Tyrion) Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you- I think she may have even believed it herself.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles grimly) Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.
Oberyn Martell: It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. (raises his eyebrows) It is rare... to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.
Tyrion Lannister: (shrugs) She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck... she's wanted this for a long time.
Oberyn Martell: Yes, I know. (Tyrion frowns in confusion) We met, you and I. Many years ago.
Tyrion Lannister: ...I think I would have remembered that.
Oberyn Martell: Unlikely- you had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him, on a visit to Casterly Rock; my first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, not your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles) You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
Oberyn Martell:The whole way from Dorne, all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy-
Tyrion Lannister: That would have made things so much easier.
Oberyn Martell: When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day, we would ask; every day, she would say, "Soon." Then, she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. (pause) Your head was a bit large, your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs, just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."
Tyrion Lannister: (holding back tears of resentment and loneliness) Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
Oberyn Martell: And what about what I want? Justice... for my sister, and for her children.
Tyrion Lannister: (chuckles bitterly) If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.
Oberyn Martell: I disagree. I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And, all those who have wronged me are right here. (stands up) I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. (turns, pulls a torch from the wall bracket, then turns back to face Tyrion) I will be your champion. (Tyrion begins shaking with relief, that someone will finally stand for him)

Dialog #259
Sansa Stark: You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
Lysa Arryn:Come here, Sansa. Do you know how far the fall is?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. I know what you did.
Sansa Stark: I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen-
Lysa Arryn: Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.
Sansa Stark: I didn't. You don't understand.
Lysa Arryn: I saw you. You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes.
Sansa Stark: He kissed me. I pulled away.
Lysa Arryn: Liar! [grabs Sansa by her hair and hold her over de Moon Door] Whore! He is mine! My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!
Petyr Baelish: Lysa! Let her go.
Lysa Arryn:You want her? This empty-headed child?
Petyr Baelish: Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. Why did you bring her here? Why?
Petyr Baelish: I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa.
Narrator: [Lysa releases Sansa. Baelish walks over to her and helps a crying Lysa to her feet]
Petyr Baelish: Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. [Lysa smiles] Your sister.
Narrator: [Lysa only has a second to process this before Baelish shoves her out of the Moon Door; she plummets to her death, screaming]

Dialog #260
Samwell Tarly: (tearfully, on having sent Gilly to Mole's Town) I should never have left her there.
Jon Snow': You couldn't have known-
Samwell Tarly: Of course I could've known. (Grenn paces angrily nearby) They were raiding the villages closeby-
Grenn: And we just cower in here while they slaughter our Brothers-
Dolorous Edd: The Brothers had orders to stay at Castle Black.
Grenn: Oh, so it's all right, then?! Black Jack and Keggs and Mully- chopped to pieces, 'cause they broke the rules?!
Dolorous Edd: I didn't say it was all right. I'm sayin', they shouldn't have been there-
Grenn: We're pledged to guard the Realms of Men!
Samwell Tarly: (quietly) She's dead, because of me-
Grenn: We can't even guard Mole's Town!
Jon Snow: We can't go after them- you know that. It's what they want. (Grenn leans against the table, defeated)
Samwell Tarly: Poor little Sam- it's as if I cut their throats myself.
Pyp: Maybe she managed to hide herself. (glances around at Jon, Edd, Sam and Grenn) I thought all of you was dead- you went up North with Mormont and no one came back. Not for ages. But then you did. (Sam looks up at him, a little more hopeful)
Dolorous Edd: She survived Craster- and he was the worst shit I've ever met. She survived a long march to the Wall- she survived a White Walker, for fuck's sake! (Grenn and Pyp both smile) She might've got out.
Samwell Tarly: (looks around at them)..She might have.
Jon Snow: (pause) If they hit Mole's Town...then we're next. (pause) Mance and his army must be close.
Pyp: A hundred thousand of them.
Grenn: And there's, what- a hundred and five of us left?
Dolorous Edd: You countin' Blackjack, Keggs and Mully? (Grenn looks down) A hundred and two.
Pyp: (looks to Jon) How do a hundred and two men stop a hundred thousand? (Jon has no answer)
Dolorous Edd: (fills his ale-cup) Whoever dies last- be a good lad and burn the rest of us. Once I'm done with this world...I don't wanna come back. (they drink)

Dialog #261
Anya Waynwood: [to Sansa] You have nothing to fear from us or him. Lord Baelish here is your uncle? Your name is Alayne? [Sansa remains silent] Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if Lord Baelish left the room.
Petyr Baelish: My lady-
Anya Waynwood: I wasn't asking you.
Sansa Stark: [softly] He can stay.
Yohn Royce: Speak up, girl, you're not a damn kitchen mouse. Tell us what you saw.
Sansa Stark: I'm sorry, Lord Baelish. I have to tell the truth. I'll tell you everything.
Anya Waynwood: Please, Alayne, leave nothing out.
Sansa Stark: My name is not Alayne. It's Sansa Stark, eldest daughter of Lord Eddard Stark. Lord Royce, we met when you came to Winterfell. You were escorting your son Ser Waymar to the Wall.
Yohn Royce: [incredulously] Sansa Stark? [to Baelish] You tell lies right to my face, you little worm?
Sansa Stark: Lord Baelish has told many lies. All to protect me. Since my father was executed, I have been a hostage in King's Landing. A plaything for Joffrey to torture or Queen Cersei to torment. They beat me, they humiliated me, they married me to the Imp. I had no friends in King's Landing... except one. [looks to Baelish] He saved me. Smuggled me away when he had the chance. He knew I'd be safe here in the Eyrie with my own blood, my Aunt Lysa. The Lannisters have friends everywhere. Even the Vale. He made me swear not to tell anyone my true name.
Vance Corbray: Your secret is safe with us, my lady.
Yohn Royce: Your father grew up right here in these halls. We hunted together many times. He was a fine man.
Anya Waynwood: Tell us what happened to your aunt, Sansa.
Sansa Stark: You knew her well, my lords, my lady. You knew she was a troubled woman. She always loved Lord Baelish. She told me herself. From the moment he arrived at the gates of Riverrun, a boy of eight carrying everything he owned in a little sack. She confessed to me she never loved Lord Arryn. She did as her father commanded, as so many of us have. When the gods finally allowed her to be with Lord Baelish, she was so happy. For a time. My aunt was a jealous lady. She was terrified that Lord Baelish didn't love her anymore. That he would abandon her for a younger woman. And then... one day she saw him kiss me.
Yohn Royce: [shocked] Lady Sansa.
Sansa Stark: It was a peck on the cheek, Lord Royce, nothing more. Lord Baelish is my uncle now, in truth, by marriage. He's always been so kind to me. I was so happy to be here, to be free. All because of him. But my aunt turned on me. She cursed me. Called me a whore. Promised to throw me through the Moon Door. When Lord Baelish tried to calm her, she struck him. She said she didn't want to live anymore. She stood on the edge of that Moon Door. He tried to reason with her. Promised her she was the only one he had ever loved, but she stepped through those doors and she was- [starts crying]
Anya Waynwood: Shh. [hugs Sansa] Shh, it's not your fault, sweet girl. It's not your fault.

Dialog #262
Narrator: [Barristan Selmy approaches Jorah Mormont after receiving a letter sent from The Hand of the King]
Jorah Mormont: Ser Barristan.
Barristan Selmy: Ser Jorah.
Jorah Mormont: Have I forgotten a council meeting?
Barristan Selmy: No. [Hands him the letter]
Jorah Mormont: What's this?
Barristan Selmy: A royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. [As Jorah reads it] You spied on her.
Jorah Mormont: Who gave you this?
Barristan Selmy: Does it matter? [Takes the pardon]
Jorah Mormont: Have you told her?
Barristan Selmy: I wanted to tell you first, man to man, rather than go behind your back.
Jorah Mormont: Let me speak with her in private.
Barristan Selmy: You'll never be alone with her again. [Leaves]

Dialog #263
Narrator: [Moments after, Jorah enters Daenerys's throne room]
Daenerys Targaryen: Why did the Usurper pardon you?
Jorah Mormont: If we could speak alone...
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Speak to me here. Explain it to me.
Jorah Mormont: Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister. He wants to divide us. If we're fighting each other, we're not fighting him.
Daenerys Targaryen: The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged?
Narrator: [beat]
Jorah Mormont: It is not forged.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why then?
Jorah Mormont: I sent letters to Varys. The spymaster of King's Landing.
Daenerys Targaryen: [seething] What was the content of these letters?
Jorah Mormont: Information.
Daenerys Targaryen: What information?
Jorah Mormont: When you and Viserys arrived in Pentos. His plan to marry you to Khal Drogo. When you were married. When your brother died...
Daenerys Targaryen: You told them I was carrying Drogo's child?
Jorah Mormont: I—
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes or no?
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi—
Daenerys Targaryen: Don't call me that. Did you tell them I was carrying Drogo's child?
Jorah Mormont: [long beat] Yes. [Daenerys stands up]
Daenerys Targaryen: That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information.
Jorah Mormont: I stopped you from drinking his wine.
Daenerys Targaryen: Because you knew it was poisoned.
Jorah Mormont: I suspected...
Daenerys Targaryen: [furious] You betrayed me... From the first!
Jorah Mormont: [kneeling] Forgive me. I never meant... Please, Khaleesi. Forgive me—
Daenerys Targaryen: You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne—
Jorah Mormont: I have protected you, fought for you, killed for you!
Daenerys Targaryen: [talking over him] —you want me to forgive you!?
Jorah Mormont: [beat] I have loved you.
Daenerys Targaryen: Love...? Love!? How can you say that to me? Any other man and I would have you executed, but you—I don't want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing, collect your pardon if you can. [He rises and reaches out to her]
Jorah Mormont: Daenerys, please—
Daenerys Targaryen: Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you are found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. [beat] Go... now.

Dialog #264
Narrator: [Ramsay has arrived with a force of Bolton soldiers outside the besieged castle of Moat Cailin, held by the Ironborn]
Ramsay Snow: (after dressing Theon/Reek in his old Greyjoy armor, looking at the sigil on the breastplate) Kraken! Hmmm- strong- as long as they're in the sea. But, when you take them out of the water- (shrugs) No bones! They collapse under their proud weight, and slump into a heap of nothing. You'd think they'd know that- unfortunately, they're not very bright. (looks Theon in the eye) What do you tell them?
Theon Greyjoy/ Reek: That I'm Theon Greyjoy, son of Balon, heir to the Iron Islands. (Ramsay puts a gauntlet over Theon's right hand, which is missing a finger)
Ramsay Snow: And what are you, really?
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: (quickly) I'm Reek.
Ramsay Snow: Are you sure (Theon nods frantically) You do look very much like a lord. Formidable, proud...
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: I'm Reek.
Ramsay Snow: Until when?
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: Always. Forever.
Ramsay Snow: That's right. (pats Theon/Reek's cheek) Until you're rotting in the ground. (takes Theon's shoulder and walks him towards the approach to Moat Cailin) Remember what you are- and what you're not. Bring me Moat Cailin.

Dialog #265
Narrator: [Ramsay Snow and his men, having used Theon to take Moat Cailin and its' garrison, meet with Roose Bolton and the main Bolton army.]
Ramsay Snow: (presenting Roose with the Greyjoy banner) Moat Cailin is yours, Father.
Roose Bolton: (stares at him)...Walk with me. (they walk up a hillside) Has there been any word from Locke.
Ramsay Snow: No.
Roose Bolton: Unimportant. A cripple, and a young boy... None of the Northern lords have seen them. Dead, most likely. (pause) Most of the Ironborn have fled the North- now, more will follow, thanks to you. (they reach the hilltop) Tell me what you see.
Ramsay Snow: (glances around, confused) Moors, fields, hills...
Roose Bolton: Tell me what you see.
Ramsay Snow: (glances around again, shrugs) Nothing.
Roose Bolton: Not nothing- the North. (gestures in various directions) Ride seven hundred miles that way, you're still in the North. Four hundred miles that way- three hundred miles that way. The North is larger than the other six kingdoms combined. And, I am the Warden of the North- the North is mine. (pause) Now, tell me- what is your name?
Ramsay Snow: Ramsay Snow.
Roose Bolton: No, not Ramsay Snow. (hands him a scroll) Open it. (Ramsay does so) From this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton, Warden of the North.
Ramsay Snow: (stares at him, kneels) You honor me. I swear, I will uphold your tradition and your name. I will be worthy of you, Father- I promise.

Dialog #266
Arya Stark: (referring to Joffrey's death, as they approach the Bloody Gate) I thought it'd make me happy, but it doesn't- not really.
Sandor "The Hound" Clegane: Nothing makes you happy.
Arya Stark: Lots of things make me happy-
Sandor Clegane: Like what?!
Arya Stark: Killing Poliver. Killing Rorge.
Sandor Clegane: (sarcastically) So you're sad because you didn't get to kill Joffrey yourself. is that it?
Arya Stark: At least I could've been there to watch. I wanted to see the look in his eyes, when he knew it was over.
Sandor Clegane: Aye... nothing in the world beats that look.
Arya Stark: You protected him for most of his life- you think you could've saved him?
Sandor Clegane: I wasn't the damn wine-taster. (drinks from his waterskin) Little shit deserved to die, but poison... poison's a woman's weapon. Men kill with steel.
Arya Stark: That's your stupid pride talking- that's why you'll never be a great killer. (they pass some peasants) I'd kill Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to.
Sandor Clegane: (chuckles) I'd pay good money to see that. (rubs the bandaged bite wound on his neck and grunts in pain)
Arya Stark: (glances at him) You should've let me burn it.
Sandor Clegane: It's a flea bite.
Arya Stark: That flea bite's got you walking a lot slower than you used to. (they come in sight of the Bloody Gate, with the Eyrie visible in the mountains beyond)
Sandor Clegane: Well, we won't have to walk too much further.
Arya Stark: You really think my aunt will pay for me? (they walk between two Arryn men-at-arms)
Sandor Clegane: Aye, she'll pay for you.
Arya Stark: I've never even met her.
Sandor Clegane: Doesn't matter. You're her blood. Family, honor- all that horseshit. It's all you Lords and Ladies ever talk about.
Arya Stark: I'm not a Lady.
Arryn soldier: Who would pass the Bloody Gate? (several archers emerge on the cliffs flanking the road, aiming at Arya and Sandor)
Sandor Clegane: The bloody Hound! Sandor Clegane, and his... (glances at Arya) traveling companion, Arya Stark, niece of your Lady Lhysa Arryn.
Arryn soldier: (bows his head) Then I offer my condolences. Lady Arryn died three days ago. (Sandor looks stunned. After a moment, Arya breaks into hysterical laughter)

Dialog #267
Tyrion Lannister: (swigs some wine) Wine always helps- thank you for it. (Jaime nods) Trial by combat- deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the Gods, by having two other men hack each other to pieces. (shrugs) Tells you something about the Gods. (Jaime smiles) How much longer?
Jaime Lannister: Soon.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you thing Oberyn has a chance? (Jaime shrugs, looking unconvinced) The Red Viper of Dorne! You don't get a name like that unless you're deadly, right?
Jaime Lannister: I've never seen him fight.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, he's going to die! I'm going to die!
Jaime Lannister: (trying to cheer him up) Oberyn believes in himself-
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, that's putting it mildly. (takes a piss) What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
Jaime Lannister: (sighs) Beheading.
Tyrion Lannsiter: Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well. so what's that? Fratricide is brothers, filicide is sons. Nepoticide! That's the one. (muttering to himself) Matricide, Patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.
Jaime Lannister: [Guiltily] Cousins.
Tyrion Lannister: Cousins? You're right. There is no name for cousin-killing! Well done. Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?
Jaime Lannister: Of course. Wet nurse dropped him on his head, left him simple.
Tyrion Lannister: Simple. Used to sit all day in the garden, crushing beetles with a rock.
Tyrion and Jaime: (imitating Orson) Kun, kun, kun!
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing made him happier.
Jaime Lannister: Nothing made you happier. You'd think being tormented from birth would give you some affinity for the afflicted.
Tyrion Lannister: On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.
Jaime Lannister: Joke wore thin, though.
Tyrion Lannister: For you. You drifted away.
Jaime Lannister: I had other interests.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes. Other interests. But I stayed with Orson.
Jaime Lannister: Why?
Tyrion Lannister: I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him. "Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?" He gave me an answer. (mimics Orson's speech impediment) "Smash the beetles! Smash them! Kun kun kun!" (Jaime chuckles) I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew, certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So I went to Maester Valeric’s library.
Jaime Lannister: (looks disgusted) Valeric. Tried to touch me once.
Tyrion Lannister: Turns out far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right. In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orson's affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetles slaughter. So I went back to the source. I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him, the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior. (Tyrion picks up a bug off the floor) And as I watched, I became more and more sure of it: there was something happening there. (watches the bug crawling around his palm) His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didn't understand, but he wasn’t mindless, he had his reasons. And I became possessed with knowing what they were. I began spending inordinate amounts of time watching him. I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of "kun kun kun". And when I wasn't watching him, I was thinking about him. Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orson's beetles. I read the histories of Targaryen conquests. Did I hear dragon wings? No, I heard "kun kun kun". And I still couldn't figure out why he was doing it. And I had to know because it was horrible, that all these beetles would be dying for no reason.
Jaime Lannister: (incredulous) Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score. Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles?
Tyrion Lannister: I know, I know- but still it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living, crawling things smashed, dried out, and returned to the dirt? In my dreams, I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye can see. I woke up, crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.
Jaime Lannister: He was twice your size.
Tyrion Lannister: He just pushed me aside with a "kun", kept on smashing. Every day. Until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him. (Tyrion releases the bug and it crawls away) So what do you think? Why did he do it? What's it all about?
Jaime Lannister: I don't know. (the bells toll, signalling the time is approaching; Jaime stands and walks to the door of the cell) Good luck today.

Dialog #268
Petyr Baelish: The first time I saw you, you were just a child. A girl from the North, come to the capital for the first time. Not a child any longer. Why did you help me?
Sansa Stark: They would have thrown you through the Moon Door if they'd found you guilty.
Petyr Baelish: That's not an answer.
Sansa Stark: [nonchalant] If they'd've executed you, what would they have done with me?
Petyr Baelish: I don't know.
Sansa Stark: Neither do I.
Petyr Baelish: Better to gamble on the man you know than the strangers you don't.... you think you know me?
Sansa Stark: I know what you want.
Petyr Baelish: Do you?

Dialog #269
Tyrion Lannister: Looks like very light armor.
Oberyn Martell: I like to move around.
Tyrion Lannister: You could at least wear a helmet. [Oberyn sips a cup of wine] You shouldn't drink before a fight.
Oberyn Martell: You learn this during your years in the fighting pits? [Ellaria smirks at Tyrion] I always drink before a fight.
Tyrion Lannister: It could get you killed. It could get me killed.
Oberyn Martell: Today is not the day I die.
Ellaria Sand: [seeing the Mountain enter the ring to many cheers, dressed in very heavy armor] You're going to fight that?
Oberyn Martell: I'm going to kill that.
Ellaria Sand: He's the biggest man I've ever seen.
Oberyn Martell: Size does not matter when you are flat on your back.
Tyrion Lannister: [sotto voice] Thank the gods.

Dialog #270
Ellaria Sand: [after kissing Oberyn one last time] Don't leave me alone in this world.
Oberyn Martell: Never.

Dialog #271
Oberyn Martell: [after performing some warm-up acrobatics with his spear, drawing cheers from the crowd] Have they told you who I am?
Gregor Clegane: Some dead man. [He swings his greatsword, Oberyn easily dodges]
Oberyn Martell: I am the brother of Elia Martell. Do you know why I have come all the way to this stinking shit-pile of a city? [grins] For you. I am going to hear you confess before you die. You raped my sister. You murdered her. You killed her children. Say it now and we can make this quick. [Clegane lunges at him again, roaring; the Viper fends off his strike with his spearblade, then knocks off Clegane's helmet and moves around him in a circle] Say it. [He dodges the Mountain's swings repeatedly as he speaks, still grinning] You raped her. You murdered her. [He pins down Clegane's sword momentarily with his spearblade] You killed her children. [Oberyn continues to circle and dodge around Clegane's furious attacks; he finally gets close enough to stab him in the side. Clegane kicks at the Viper and knocks him off his feet, but Oberyn dodges his swing; he continues to circle the Mountain] You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children! [ Oberyn makes a series of attacks; the Mountain cuts his spear in half. Oberyn narrowly dodges the Mountain's next swing and grabs another spear from his attendant; in their next clash, Clegane pummels him to the ground, but Oberyn manages to roll under his swing and stabs him in the side again. Clegane's charges are becoming slower and clumsier, Oberyn's voice is rising with rage] You raped her! You murdered her! [Circling aggressively, Oberyn slashes the Mountain's right hamstring with the spearblade, brings him to his knees] You killed her children! [he leaps and stabs Ser Gregor through the chestplate, knocking him onto his back. The crowd roars, Ellaria, Jaime and Tyrion look relieved; Cersei looks furious] Wait. Are you dying? No, no, no. You can't die yet. You haven't confessed. [wrenches his spear free, stalks around his prone opponent] Say it. Say her name. Elia Martell. You raped her. You killed her children. Elia Martell. [points at Tywin, who looks uneasy] Who gave you the order? Who gave you the order?! Say her name! You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children. Say it. Say her name. [meets Ellaria's eyes; she nods approvingly] Say it!
Gregor Clegane: [trips Oberyn to the ground, knocks his teeth out with one blow, rolls over and pins him, and begins gouging out his eyes] Elia Martell. I killed her children. Then I raped her. Then I smashed her head in like this! [crushes Oberyn's skull, then rolls over, severely wounded; Ellaria screams in horror as Tyrion and Jaime are left dumbstruck. Cersei smirks triumphantly, as Tywin stands up to give the verdict]
Tywin Lannister: The gods have made their will known. Tyrion Lannister, in the name of King Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, you are hereby sentenced to death.

Dialog #272
Sam: What was she like?
Jon: She...she had red hair.
Sam: [sarcastically] Oh? How big were her feet?
Jon: What do you want me to say?
Sam: I want you to tell me what it was like to have someone, to be with someone, to love someone and have them love you back. We're all gonna die a lot sooner than I planned. You're the closest I'll ever get to knowing.
Jon: So you and Gilly never...?
Sam: No. She just had a baby. And she never offered.
Jon: But if she had, you would have? You would have broken your vows?
Sam: The interesting thing is our vows never specifically forbid intimate relations with women.
Jon: What?
Sam: "I shall take no wife", yes, that's in there, there's no denying that. "I shall father no children", it's very specific. But what our vows have to say about other activities is open to interpretation.
Jon: I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation.
Sam: Anyway, there's nothing for him to interpret. We didn't. So what's it like?
Jon: It's...there's this person, this whole other person, and you're wrapped in them, they're wrapped up in you, and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well, I don't know, I'm not a bleeding poet!
Sam: No, you're really not.
Jon: And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart.
Sam: They'll be arrows for all of us soon, I imagine.
Jon: There will.
Sam: They've already done the worst thing to me they can ever do.
Jon: Go get some sleep, Sam. I'll take this watch.

Dialog #273
Jon: That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser.
Alliser Thorne: A hundred thousand, you say?
Jon: Yes, sir.
Alliser Thorne: You can say it if you like. We should have sealed the tunnel while we had the chance, like you suggested.
Jon: It was a difficult decision either way, sir.
Alliser Thorne: Do you know what leadership means, Lord Snow? It means that the person in charge gets second guessed by every clever little twat with a mouth. But if he starts second guessing himself, that's the end. For him, for the clever little twats, for everyone. This is not the end. Not for us. Not if you lot do your duty for however long it takes to beat them back. And then you get to go on hating me, and I get to go on wishing your Wildling whore had finished the job.

Dialog #274
Hill: How are we gonna stop that?!
2nd Watchman: He's got twenty arrows in him already!
Grenn: You heard Jon- we hold the Gate!
Hill: Jon Snow's not Lord Commander-
Grenn: We hold the Gate! (the giant pushes his way under the outer gate and lets it fall closed behind him; straightening up, he looks down the tunnel at the Watchmen)
Hill: (draws his sword, terrified) Mother save me- Father save me-
Grenn: (grimly) The Gods aren't down here- it's just the six of us, do you hear me?! (the giant roars and begins to move towards them; Hill tries to withdraw, but Grenn grabs him and pulls him back to the Gate.)
Hill: No, please-
Grenn: "Night gathers, and so my Watch begins. It shall not end until my death! (roaring, the giant breaks into a run) I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children!"
Grenn and the other four Watchmen: "I shall wear no crowns, win no glory! I shall live and die by my post!" (The giant roars again, picking up speed)
All six Watchmen: "I am the Sword in the Darkness! I am the Watcher on the Walls! I am the Shield that guards the Realms of Men! (they all draw their swords as the giant closes in) I PLEDGE MY LIFE TO THE NIGHT'S WATCH, FOR THIS NIGHT, AND FOR ALL THE NIGHTS TO COME!" (the Giant reaches the inner gate, and they all yell battle cries as he smashes against it)

Dialog #275
Narrator: [Ygritte has been mortally wounded by an arrow shot by Olly]
Ygritte: Jon Snow.
Jon: Hush. Don't talk.
Ygritte: You remember that cave? [Jon nods] We should have stayed in that cave.
Jon: We'll go back there.
Ygritte: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Narrator: [Ygritte dies]

Dialog #276
Sam: We held them off.
Jon: For one night.
Sam: This is a great victory!
Jon: Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses- he almost made it through. And, he has more giants, he has more mammoths; he has a thousand times as many men. (pause) They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we'll never beat them. (walks across the courtyard)
Sam: Where are you going?
Jon: I'm going to find Mance.
Sam: (shocked, runs to catch up) To fi- you can't do that! (Jon turns around) No one gave you any orders!
Jon: (looks at him incredulously) Who's left to give orders? (pause) The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance, they lose their leader- they lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their homes. (turns back towards the tunnel, Sam follows him again)
Sam: Without Mance- you goin' to kill him?!
Jon: I'm gonna try.
Sam: They'll never let you within a hundred yards of him! And even if they did, even if you managed to kill him-
Jon: They'll kill me. But if I don't go, they'll kill me anyway- they'll kill the rest of us, too.
Sam: They won't just kill you. (Jon stops) They'll boil you, they'll- flay you, they'll make it last days! (Jon turns around)
Jon: (grimly)...You're right. It's a bad plan. (pause) What's your plan? (pause, Sam stares at him, then Jon turns and continues into the tunnel. When the two of them reach the inner gate, they find the last giant dead, surrounded by the bodies of Grenn and the other five Watchmen)...They held the Gate. (pauses, closes Grenn's eyes) Get some brothers down here to help you- we need to burn the bodies (Sam nods sadly, they walk around the bodies and stop at the end of the tunnel) Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out. (Sam signals the gatekeeper with a torch)
Sam: (notices Jon unbuckling Longclaw from his belt) What're you doing?
Jon: I promised Mormont I'd never lose it again. (hands the sword to Sam)...In case I don't come back. (the Gate begins to open)
Sam: Jon? (Jon turns to look at him)...Come back. (Jon gives him a sad smile and walks out beyond the Wall)

Dialog #277
Mance Rayder: You're wearin' a black cloak again.
Jon Snow: I've been sent to negotiate with you. [Mance indicates for him to enter the tent, and they sit]
Mance Rayder: It appears my trusting nature got the better of me. It's happened before. I was hoping your loyalty was real when you pledged yourself to us, Jon Snow. Truly, I was.
Jon Snow: The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black. He made me kill him, so that you'd trust me. I was loyal... to him, and to my Night's Watch vows.
Mance Rayder: [smiles] All of your vows? [Jon looks away, thinking of Ygritte] She wasn't enough to turn you, eh? Were you enough to turn her?
Jon Snow: [smiles] She put three arrows in me when I escaped.
Mance Rayder: Did you see her again at Castle Black?
Jon Snow: Yes.
Mance Rayder: And?...
Jon Snow: She's dead.
Mance Rayder: [pause] Your doing?
Jon Snow: [shakes his head] No.
Mance Rayder: We'll drink to her. [nods to one of his men, who pours a drink for him and Jon; Mance notices Jon eyeing the cup warily and snorts in disbelief] Of all the ways I'd kill you, poison would be the last. [He and Jon raise their cups in a toast] Ygritte.
Jon Snow: Ygritte. [they drink, and Jon coughs] That's not wine.
Mance: [chuckles] No, that's a proper Northern drink, Jon Snow. You did well, fought hard. Killed some of our strongest men. One of our giants went into your tunnel, and never came out again- Mag the Mighty.
Jon Snow: [nods] He's dead. He killed my friend Grenn.
Mance Rayder: He was their King- last of a bloodline that stretches back before the First Man.
Jon Snow: Grenn came from a farm.
Mance Rayder: [raises his cup again] Mag and Grenn.
Jon Snow: Grenn and Mag. [they drink again]
Mance Rayder: Fellback, can I trouble you for something to eat? I don't imagine our guest has eaten anything for quite some time. [Jon eyes Fellback's knife as he brings food to the table] So- you're here to strike a bargain.
Jon Snow: Turn your army around, and go home
Mance Rayder: {irritated at Jon's bluff] You know I know you're low on arrows. You're low on oil, you're low on men. [gives Jon a direct look] How many are left? Fifty?
Jon Snow: I told Tormund and Orrel- we have more than a thousand men.
Mance Rayder: I showed you everything I had- the whole army, 100,000 strong, and what did you do? [Fellback sticks his knife into the table next to them, catching Jon's attention] You fired on us with everything you had. It wasn't much. Soon as I saw that, I sent 400 men to climb the Wall- an unmanned stretch five miles west of here. [Jon looks directly at him, realizing his bluff has failed] A lot of them will die climbing, but most of them will be over by the end of the day. Here's me being honest with you, Jon Snow, which is more than you've ever done for me. My people have bled enough. We're not here to conquer, we're here to hide behind your Wall, just like you. We need your tunnel. Now, we both know that winter is coming- and if my people aren't south of the Wall when it comes in earnest, we'll all end up worse than dead. You want to strike a bargain with me? Here's the bargain. You go back, you open the gates to us, and I swear to you that no-one else will die. Refuse- and we'll kill every last man in Castle Black. [he suddenly sees Jon eyeing the knife in the table again and realizes he's really come to assassinate him; two of his men draw their swords and advance on Jon, but Mance stops them, smiling coldly at Jon] Ohhh...that's why you're here. I reckon you could do it before any of 'em could stop you. They'd kill you, of course- they'd kill you slow- but you knew that when you came in here. Are you capable of that, Jon Snow? Killing a man in his own tent when he's just offered you peace? Is that what the Night's Watch is? Is that what you are? [Jon stares back at him, and then a battle horn sounds, followed by Wildlings shouting. Mance grabs the knife and holds it to Jon's throat] You attackin' us?!
Jon Snow: [genuinely surprised] No- it's like you said, we don't have the men!

Dialog #278
Narrator: [An army of armored cavalry, carrying Stannis Baratheon's banners, has launched a surprise pincer attack on the larger but disorganized Wildling army, riding into the forest from both directions. Mance rushes outside the tent and tries to gain control over his men, with many of his bodyguards gathering around him]
Mance Rayder: HOLD! To me, to me! [He and Jon Snow watches in horror as many of the Wildlings are slaughtered. As the cavalry pincers collide, the fighting becomes increasingly one-sided as the Wildlings are overwhelmed; many of them flee towards Mance's camp]
Mance Rayder: STAND DOWN! [he throws his axe to the ground angrily] I said my people have bled enough, and I meant it! [As Stannis Baratheon and Davos Seaworth ride into his camp, he glares at them defiantly. Davos, Stannis and two guards dismount and walk towards them; one of the Wildlings attempts to attack them but is cut down by one of the horsemen. Mance draws his sword and dagger and drops them next to his axe. Realizing Mance is surrendering, Davos and the guards sheath their swords]
Baratheon cavalryman: Round them up!
Stannis Baratheon: [stopping in front of Mance and Jon, to Mance] You're the "King Beyond the Wall"? {Mance nods, both of them smile coldly at each other] Do you know who I am?
Mance Rayder: Never had the pleasure.
Davos Seaworth: This is Stannis Baratheon, the one true King of the Seven Kingdoms.
Mance Rayder: We're not in the Seven Kingdoms, and you're not dressed for this weather.
Stannis Baratheon: [pause] It is customary to kneel when surrendering to a King. [long pause, then Mance smiles and shakes his head]
Mance Rayder: We do not kneel. [Davos glares at him]
Stannis Baratheon: I'll have thousands of your men in chains by nightfall. I have nothing to feed them and nowhere to put them. I'm not here to slaughter beat dogs- their fate depends on their King.
Mance Rayder: [smiles and shakes his head again] All the same- we do not kneel. [Stannis stares at him then turns to his guards]
Stannis Baratheon: Take these men away. [the two guards draw their swords again and step forward]
Davos Seaworth: [looking at Jon] What's a man of the Night's Watch doing in a Wildling camp?
Jon Snow: I was sent to discuss terms with the King Beyond the Wall.
Davos Seaworth: [angrily] You're speaking to the one true King, boy. You will address him as "Your Grace".
Jon Snow: I know he's the King. My father died for him. [Stannis looks at him, Jon meets his gaze] My name is Jon Snow, Your Grace. I'm Ned Stark's son.
Stannis Baratheon: [looks more directly at Jon, pauses] Your father was an honorable man.
Jon Snow: He was, Your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: What do you think he'd have done with him?[indicates Mance; Jon looks at Mance, while Mance stares defiantly at Stannis]
Jon Snow: [steps closer to Stannis, indicates Mance] I was this man's prisoner, once. He could've tortured me, he could've killed me... but instead he spared my life. [Stannis looks from Jon to Mance] I think my father would've taken him prisoner and listened to what he had to say. [long pause]
Stannis Baratheon: Very well, then. [turns to Davos] Take him prisoner. Davos walks alongside the unrestrained Mance, escorting him into captivity. Stannis watches him go]
Jon Snow: Your Grace? [Stannis turns back to him] If my father had seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall- all of them.

Dialog #279
Narrator: [Jon visits Tormund in his confinement at Castle Black]
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː Your old blind man patched me up. Why?
Narrator: Jon Snowː He's sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː You want me alive so you can torture me?
Narrator: Jon Snowː No one's going to torture you.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː How do we die? Hanging? Beheading? Drop us from the top of the Wall?
Narrator: Jon Snowː I don't know what happens to the prisoners.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː Who decides?
Narrator: Jon Snowː I suppose Stannis does.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː He your king now?
Narrator: Jon Snowː I don't have a king.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː You spent too much time among us, Jon Snow. You can never be a kneeler again.
Narrator: Jon Snowː We're gonna burn the bodies of your dead. Do you want to say any words over them?
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː Words? What kind of words?
Narrator: Jon Snowː Funeral words. I don't know how the free folk do it.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː Do what?
Narrator: Jon Snowː [pauses for a moment] Say farewell.
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː The dead can't hear us, boy. [Jon nods and makes his way to the door] Snow. [Jon turns back] Did you love her? She loved you.
Narrator: Jon Snowː She told you?
Narrator: Tormund Giantsbaneː No. All she ever talked about was killing you. That's how I know. [voice breaks slightly] She belongs in the North - the real North. You understand me?

Dialog #280
Pycelle: (examining the unconscious Gregor Clegane's severely infected injuries, after his duel with Oberyn Martell) I would suggest milk of the poppy to ease his pain, but the concensus-
Cersei Lannister: (furious) Bloody Martells!
Pycelle: The cause appears to be manticore venom-
Qyburn: (also examining the Mountain's wounds) It is- the death's head manticore.
Pycelle: (annoyed) Hmm- I've read a great deal about it. A horrible poison- usually Mantari in origin- (he prods at one of the decaying wounds with a metal instrument and flinches in disgust) Oh! There- There's nothing to be done-
Qyburn: Yes there is. (goes across the room to one of Pycelle's shelves, Cersei watches him)
Pycelle: (offended) May- May I ask what you think you're doing?
Qyburn: Saving him. (pulls down several vials and a very large hypodermic instrument)
Pycelle: (to Cersei) Your Grace, I wish it were otherwise, but Ser Gregor is beyond saving- Well, well beyond! This man is not even a maester, let alone Grandmaester!
Qyburn: (not looking up as he organizes his equipment) That's for the best- no maester knows how to save him.
Pycelle: (furious) That is exactly the sort of arrogance that had him expelled from the Citadel, Your Grace! His curiosity was deemed dangerous and unnatural- rightly so, in my opinion! (Cersei ignores him and approaches Qyburn)
Cersei Lannister: You're dismissed, Grandmaester. (Pycelle looks shocked)
Pycelle: Your Grace- this- this is my laboratory!
Cersei Lannister: Not anymore.
Pycelle: But, I- (beaten, he gives up, throws aside his instruments and shuffles out. Qyburn, meanwhile. has attached the hypodermic to Clegane's neck and is inserting fluids)
Cersei Lannister:...You can save him?
Qyburn: Difficult to say, Your Grace- but, if my past work is any guide, we stand a chance.
Cersei Lannister: Do everything you can- come to me, for anything you need.
Qyburn: Thank you, Your Grace. (Cersei turns to leave) You should know... the process may change him. (Cersei turns back towards him) Somewhat.
Cersei Lannister:...Will it weaken him?
Qyburn:(smiles, shakes his head) Ohhh, no.
Cersei Lannister: (smiles) Very well, then.

Dialog #281
Tywin Lannister: We've been over this. The matter's closed. (putting away various papers)
Cersei Lannister: I'm opening it again.
Tywin Lannister: You were betrothed to Loras Tyrell. You are still betrothed to Loras Tyrell and you will marry Loras Tyrell, as soon as Tommen marries Margaery.
Cersei Lannister: I will not.
Tywin Lannister: (impatient) Jaime cannot marry, or inherit lands. Tyrion's sentence will be carried out tomorrow. (pause, turns to face her) You have, on several occasions, made great claims about your commitment to this family's future. Your role in that future is now more vital than it ever was-
Cersei Lannister: I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong, with my son the King.
Tywin Lannister: When you were nine years old, I was called away to the Capitol; I decided to take your brother with me, and not you. You insisted that you would not be left at Casterly Rock under any circumstances, and if you recall-
Cersei Lannister: I'm not interested in hearing another of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times. (gives him a frail smile)
Tywin Lannister: (dryly) Do you think you'll be the first person dragged into a sept to be married against her will? (walks past her)
Narrator: Cersei Lannisterː When you marched into the Throne Room to tell me we'd won the Battle of Blackwater- Do you remember?! (Tywin stops and turns, reluctantly) I was sitting on the Iron Throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that’s how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away.
Tywin Lannister: No-
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey is dead, Myrcella has been sold like livestock, and now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy! Margarey will dig her claws in, you will dig your claws in, and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen!
Tywin Lannister: (dryly) And how will you do that?
Cersei Lannister:...I'll tell everyone the truth.
Tywin Lannister: What truth would that be?
Narrator: Cersei Lannisterː (stares at him in amazement, then slowly smiles) You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? (Tywin looks at her, puzzled and impatient; she comes towards him) What am I saying? Of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? (pause) We were right there, in front of you, and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years- one real look, and you would have known.
Tywin Lannister: Known what?
Cersei Lannister: (grins maliciously) Everything they say is true- about Jaime and me-
Tywin Lannister: (shakes his head angrily) No, no, no, no...
Cersei Lannister: (giggles) Your legacy is a lie-
Tywin Lannister: No, I don't believe you. (glares at her)
Cersei Lannister: Yes, you do. (walks away as Tywin stares after her, still reeling in denial)

Dialog #282
Narrator: [Jaime leafs through the Book of Brothers until he reaches his own very brief entry.]
Cersei Lannister: Jaime.
Narrator: [Jaime looks up at his sister with a frown.]
Jaime Lannister: You won. One fewer brother. Must be proud of yourself. There's really nothing you wouldn't do, is there?
Cersei Lannister: For my family, no. Nothing. I would do things for my family you couldn't imagine.
Jaime Lannister: Tyrion is your family.
Cersei Lannister: He is not!
Jaime Lannister: You don't get to choose.
Cersei Lannister: I do, so do you! You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world...
Narrator: [An incredulous look quickly spreads across Jaime's face.]
Jaime Lannister: Are you really mad enough to blame him for that!? He didn't decide to kill her! He was an infant!
Cersei Lannister: Disease doesn't decide to kill you. All the same you cut it out before it spreads. [She walks toward him.] What do you decide? What do you choose?
Jaime Lannister: What I did to get back to you! To endure all that only to find you...
Narrator: [Cersei kisses Jaime.]
Cersei Lannister: I choose you.
Jaime Lannister: Those are words.
Cersei Lannister: [Speaking into his ear.] Yes! Like the ones I just said to father.
Narrator: [Cersei then looks Jaime in the eye.]
Cersei Lannister: I told him.
Jaime Lannister: Told him what?
Cersei Lannister: I told him about us.
Jaime Lannister: You told him...
Cersei Lannister: I told him I won't marry Loras Tyrell. I told him I'm staying right here with Tommen. With you.
Jaime Lannister: You think he'll just accept that?
Cersei Lannister: Go and ask him!
Narrator: [She kisses him again.]
Jaime Lannister: What did you say?
Cersei Lannister: I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister, I love my brother. I love my lover. [She kneels before him.] People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them! They're all so small, I can't even see them. I only see what matters.
Narrator: [Cersei kisses Jaime's hand, and Jaime grabs her by the head and pulls her back so he can kiss her on the lips.]
Jaime Lannister: Someone will walk in.
Cersei Lannister: I don't care!
Narrator: [Jaime shoves the Book aside and sets his sister on the table.]

Dialog #283
Narrator: [Bran, Hodor and Meera are led into the Heart Tree, escaping the dead, meeting what appears to be an old man]
Narrator: Bran Starkː You're the three-eyed raven.
Narrator: The Three-Eyed Ravenː I have been many things. Now, I am what you see.
Narrator: Meera Reedː My brother...he led us to you, and now he --
Narrator: The Three-Eyed Ravenː He knew what would happen. From the moment he left, he knew... and he went anyway.
Narrator: Meera Reedː How do you know?
Narrator: The Three-Eyed Ravenː I have been watching you. All of you. All of your lives. With a thousand eyes, and one. Now you come to me at last, Brandon Stark... though the hour is late.
Narrator: Bran Starkː I didn't want anyone to die for me.
Narrator: The Three-Eyed Ravenː He died so you could find what you have lost.
Narrator: Bran Starkː You're going to help me walk again?
Narrator: The Three-Eyed Ravenː You will never walk again. But you will fly.

Dialog #284
Narrator: [Arya sees Brienne and Podrick approach]
Arya: [to Sandor, who is off-screen] People coming. You can shit later, there's people coming.
Brienne: Morning.
Arya: Morning.
Brienne: I like your sword. Are we getting close to the Bloody Gate?
Arya: About ten more miles.
Brienne: You hear that, Podrick? Only ten more miles to the Bloody Gate.
Arya: Are you a knight?
Brienne: No.
Arya: But you know how to use that sword.
Brienne: I do.
Arya: Does it have a name?
Brienne: Oathkeeper.
Arya: Mine's Needle.
Brienne: Good name.
Arya: Who taught you how to fight?
Brienne: My father.
Arya: Mine never wanted to. Said fighting was for boys.
Brienne: Mine said the same. But I kept fighting the boys anyway, kept losing. Finally my father said, "If you're going to do it, you might as well do it right."
Narrator: [Sandor emerges]
Brienne: Seven blessings. I'm Brienne of Tarth, this is Podrick Payne.
Sandor: You want something?
Podrick: That's Sandor Clegane. The Hound.
Brienne: [realizing] You're Arya Stark.
Sandor: I asked if you wanted something.
Brienne: I swore to your mother I would bring you home to her.
Arya: My mother's dead.
Brienne: I know. I wish I chould have been there to protect her.
Arya: You're not a Northerner.
Brienne: No, but I swore a sacred vow to protect her.
Arya: Why didn't you?
Brienne: She commanded me to bring Jaime Lannister back to King's Landing.
Sandor: You're paid by the Lannisters? You're here for the bounty on me?
Brienne: I'm not paid by the Lannisters.
Sandor: No? Fancy sword you got there. Where'd you get it? I've been looking at Lannister gold all my life. Go on, Brienne of fucking Tarth, tell me that's not Lannister gold.
Brienne: Jaime Lannister gave me this sword.
Arya: [now distrustful] The Bloody Gate is ten miles.
Brienne: I swore to your mother by the Old gods and the New-
Arya: I don't care what you swore.
Brienne: Arya!
Sandor: You heard the girl. She's not coming with you.
Brienne: She is.
Narrator: [Sandor and Brienne draw swords]
Sandor: You're not a good listener. [eyes Oathkeeper] Valyrian steel. I always wanted some Valyrian steel.
Brienne: Come with me, Arya. I'll take you to safety.
Sandor: Safety?! Where the fuck's that? Her aunt in the Eyrie is dead, her mother's dead, her father's dead, her brother's dead, Winterfell is a pile of rubble. There is no safety, you dumb bitch. You don't know that by now, you're the wrong one to watch over her.
Brienne: That's what you're doing? Watching over her?
Sandor: Aye. That's what I'm doing.

Dialog #285
Narrator: [Arya finds the mortally-wounded Hound at the bottom of a ravine, after being defeated by Brienne]
Narrator: Sandor Cleganeː Are you still here? [coughs up blood] Big bitch saved you.
Narrator: Arya Starkː I don't need saving.
Narrator: Sandor Cleganeː [sardonically] No, not you. You're a real killer, with your water-dancing and your Needle.
Narrator: Arya Starkː [flatly] You going to die?
Narrator: Sandor Cleganeː Unless there's a maester hiding behind that rock... aye. I'm done. I'd skin you alive for wine. [Arya reaches for her waterskin] Fuck waterǃ [chuckles] Killed by a woman. I bet you like that. Go on. Go after her. She'll help you. [Arya shakes her head] Going it alone, you won't last a day out there.
Narrator: Arya Starkː I'll last longer than you.
Narrator: Sandor Cleganeː You remember where the heart is? [Arya nods] Fuck it... I'm ready. Go on, girl. Another name off your list. You kept promising me... [Arya just stares at him] I cut down your butcher's boy, the ginger. He was begging for mercy. "Please, ser, please don't kill meǃ Pleaseǃ Pleaseǃ" Bled all over my horse. Saddle stunk of butcher's boy for weeks. And your sister, your pretty sister. I should've taken her, that night the Blackwater burned. I should've fucked her bloody. At least I'd have one happy memoryǃ [Arya does not react, continues to stare] Do I have to beg you? Do it. [voice breaking] Do it. Do itǃ [Arya stands and approaches him, hand on her swordhilt...but instead she kneels and takes his gold pouch] Kill me. Kill meǃ KILL MEǃ KILL MEǃǃǃ

Dialog #286
Narrator: [Hearing commotion outside his cell, Tyrion believes his executioners have come]
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː Oh, get on with it, you son of a whore. [is surprised to see Jaime enter]
Narrator: Jaime Lannisterː [amused] Is that any way to speak about our mother?
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː What are you doing?
Narrator: Jaime Lannisterː What do you think I'm doing? [leads Tyrion out of his cell] A galley's waiting in the bay bound for the Free Cities.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː Who's helping you?
Narrator: Jaime Lannisterː Varys.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː [shocked] Varys?
Narrator: Jaime Lannisterː You have more friends than you thought. [leads Tyrion to a stairwell] There's a locked door at the top of the stairs. Knock on it twice, then twice again. Varys will open.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː [quietly] I suppose this is good-bye, then. [Jaime kneels and embraces him, kissing his cheek]
Narrator: Jaime Lannisterː Farewell, little brother. [he stands and turns to leave]
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː Jaime. [Jaime turns back] Thank you for my life.
Narrator: Jaime Lannisterː Quickly now. [leaves]

Dialog #287
Narrator: [Wielding Joffrey's crossbow, Tyrion confronts Tywin, disrobed in the privy in the Tower of the Hand]
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː [surprised] Tyrion. Put down the crossbow. [Tyrion stands firm] Who released you? Your brother, I expect. He always had a soft spot for you. Come, we'll go and talk in my chambers. [Tyrion holds up the crossbow as Tywin makes to stand] This is how you want to speak to me, hmm? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː All my life you've wanted me dead.
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː [nodding] Yes. But you refused to die. I respect that. Even admire it. You fight for what's yours. I'd never let them execute you. Is that what you fear? I'd never let Ilyn Payne take your head. You're a Lannister. You're my son.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː [whispers] I loved her.
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː Who?
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː Shae.
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː [disbelievingly] Oh, Tyrion. Put down that crossbow.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː I murdered her. With my own hands.
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː It doesn't matter.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː Doesn't matter?
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː She was a whore.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː [coldly] Say that word again...
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː And what? You'll kill your own father in the privy? No. You're my son. Now, enough of this nonsense.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː I am your son and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didn't poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː Enough. We'll go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː I can't go back there. She's in there.
Narrator: Tywin Lannisterː You're afraid of a dead whore? [Tyrion looses the crossbow bolt into Tywin's gut; Tywin grunts with pain as he is slammed back into the wall from the force; Tyrion calmly pulls the catch back] You shot me. [he groans in pain as he glares at Tyrion, who loads another bolt] You're no son of mine.
Narrator: Tyrion Lannisterː I am your son. I have always been your son. [Tyrion fires another bolt into Tywin's chest, killing him]

Dialog #288
Narrator: [Arya approaches the crew of a ship]
Arya Stark: I want to see the captain.
Braavosi Captain: You're seeing him.
Arya Stark: I want to go North, to the Wall.
Braavosi Captain: No, you don't.
Arya Stark: I can pay.
Braavosi Captain: There is nothing in the North but ice, war, and pirates.
Arya Stark: I wouldn't need a cabin. Please! I can work, scrubbing the floors --
Braavosi Captain: I'm not going North, child, I'm going home.
Arya Stark: Where's home?
Braavosi Captain: The Free City of Braavos.
Arya Stark: [remembering something] Wait! I have something else!
Braavosi Captain: More silver won't make a difference.
Arya Stark: It's not silver. [shows the captain the coin that Jaqen H'ghar gave her] It's iron.
Braavosi Captain: This... [stunned] How did you --?
Arya Stark: Valar Morghulis.
Braavosi Captain: [bowing his head to her] Valar Dohaeris. Of course, you shall have a cabin.

Dialog #289
Narrator: [Jaime and Cersei meet over Tywin's body as he lies in state inside the Great Sept of Baelor]
Cersei Lannister: [harshly, staring at Tywin] He never wanted you to be a Kingsguard. But here you are. Protecting his dead body.
Jaime Lannister: What he built... It's ours. He built it for us, he meant it for us. [pause] They're going to try to take it away. All of it.
Cersei Lannister: "They?"
Jaime Lannister: All of them out there. Our enemies. They're waiting in line to make sure he's really dead. And as soon as they see the stones on his eyes, they'll set to work on tearing us apart.
Cersei Lannister: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father... He tore us apart. He's the enemy. I've been telling you for years. You've been defending him for years...
Jaime Lannister: This is exactly what they want!
Cersei Lannister: ...And now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there, somewhere, drawing breath! Did you set him free? [pause] Tyrion may be a monster, but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. [pause] You're a man of action, aren't you? When it occurs to you to do something, you do it. Never mind the consequences. Take a look. Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world. [she kisses Tywin's forehead and leaves]

Dialog #290
Narrator: [Varys has released Tyrion from his crate, at a mansion in Pentos]
Varys: Apologies. [washes his hands]
Tyrion Lannister:...I still don't see why I had to stay in this fucking crate, once we set sail-
Varys: I saved your life. If they catch you, they catch me. I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that fucking crate-
Tyrion Lannister: Do you know what it's like to stuff your own shit through one of those airholes?
Varys: No! I only know what it's like to pick up your shit, and throw it overboard.
Tyrion Lannister: [glances around the tropical gardens around the mansion]...Pentos.
Varys: The home of my colleague, Illyrio Mopatis- a merchant. He and I met many years ago through mutual friends- a group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster that he was. We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting a Targaryen restoration- and thus, began a chain of mistakes, that has led us both here. [Tyrion pours himself some wine, Varys approaches him] Things have gotten worse, not better. Westeros needs to be saved from itself-
Tyrion Lannister: [downs the entire cup] Mmm- much better.
Varys: My Lord-
Tyrion Lannister: I don't think I am anymore- a Lord. [pours himself another cup of wine and drains it] Are you a Lord if you kill your father? I don't imagine they revoke your nobility if you kill a whore- must happen all the time. [pours a third cup and drinks]
Varys: [irritably] You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea-
Tyrion Lannister: [waves him away] In a box. Why stop now?
Varys: Because we are talking about the future of our country! [Tyrion drinks a fourth cup of wine]
Tyrion Lannister: The future... is shit. Just like the past. [pause, then Tyrion leans forward and vomits on the cobblestones; he straightens up and refills his cup]

Dialog #291
Daenerys Targaryen: [stares at a golden Harpy mask] The Sons of the Harpy?
Barristan Selmy: Yes, Your Grace- they found it on the body.
Daenerys Targaryen: They've never killed before-
Barristan Selmy: It was only a matter of time, Your Grace. Conquerors always meet with resistance.
Daenerys Targaryen: I didn't conquer them- their own people did.
Mossador: [in Valyrian] They do not see us as people, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: [also in Valyrian] Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. [to Ser Barristan on the Unsullied who was killed] He did not risk his life fighting for his freedom so that cowards in masks could take it away! And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so that I could watch the city below decline into chaos! [to Grey Worm] What was the name of the man you lost?
Grey Worm: White Rat, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: [nods]...I want him buried with honor, publicly, in the Temple of the Graces. [Grey Worm nods]
Barristan Selmy: The Sons of the Harpy will hear that message.
Mossador:...Make them very angry.
Daenerys Targaryen: Angry snakes lash out- makes chopping off their heads a lot easier. Find the men who did this, and bring them to me.

Dialog #292
Narrator: [Melisandre and Jon arrive at the top of the Wall, where Stannis and Davos await them]
Melisandre: Your Grace? The bastard of Winterfell. [Jon kneels before Stannis, Stannis gestures for him to rise]
Stannis Baratheon:...You know who rules in Winterfell now?
Jon Snow: Roose Bolton.
Stannis Baratheon: Mmm- the traitor who plunged a dagger in Robb Stark's heart. [nods to Jon] Don't you want to avenge him?
Jon Snow: I want a great many things, Your Grace- but I'm a sworn Brother of the Night's Watch now.
Davos Seaworth: I've been talkin' to your sworn Brothers. Many of them love you.
Jon Snow: They're good men-
Davos Seaworth: And many of them don't. [pause] You were seen takin' the body of a Wildling girl north of the Wall. Why?
Jon Snow: It was where she belonged.
Davos Seaworth: Some of the Night's Watch feel you have too much affection for the Wildlings.
Jon Snow: They were born on the wrong side of the Wall- doesn't make them monsters.
Stannis Baratheon: No matter. I shall take back the North, from the thieves who stole it. Tywin Lannister is dead, he can't protect them now. I shall mount Roose Bolton's head on a spike- but if I'm to take Winterfell, I'll need more men.
Jon Snow: The men of the Night's Watch are sworn to play no part-
Stannis Baratheon: I'm not talking about the damn Night's Watch. I'm talking about the Wildlings. [walks past Jon; Jon, Davos and Melisandre follow him]
Jon Snow:...Your Grace, you want the Wildlings to march in your army?
Stannis Baratheon: If they swear to follow me, I'll pardon them. We take Winterfell- once the North is won, I'll declare them citizens of the Realm. I'll give them land to live on.
Davos Seaworth: It's a fair offer- more than fair.
Stannis Baratheon: I'll offer them their lives and their freedom- if Mance kneels before me, and swears his loyalty.
Jon Snow: I don't think that's likely.
Stannis Baratheon: You admire him, don't you?
Jon Snow: I respect him.
Stannis Baratheon: He likes you. Convince him to bend the knee-
Jon Snow: Your Grace-
Stannis Baratheon: Or he burns. [walks away with Davos and Melisandre]
Jon Snow: How much time do I have?
Stannis Baratheon: Nightfall. The sun drops fast this time of year- hurry, Jon Snow.

Dialog #293
Margaery Tyrell: [walks in on her brother Loras having sex with Olyvar] We're late for dinner as it is!
Loras Tyrell: You're very respectful-
Margaery Tyrell: I'm very hungry. [she walks around the bed, then sits on a corner of it, observing the two men]...What's your name?
Olyvar: Olyvar, my Lady.
Margaery Tyrell: I'm afraid my brother is keeping the King waiting, Olyvar. [pause, then Olyvar kisses Loras, grabs his clothes and leaves the room] Perhaps you might consider being a bit more... discreet?
Loras Tyrell: Why? They all know about me anyway. Everybody knows everything about everyone. What's the point of trying to keep a secret in a place like this?
Margaery Tyrell: In any event, you shouldn't keep your intended waiting.
Loras Tyrell: [laughs] "My intended?" Please- Tywin's dead. That means no one can force Cersei to marry me-
Margaery Tyrell: Lucky you.
Loras Tyrell: Unlucky you.
Margaery Tyrell: You think I want that woman married to my brother?
Loras Tyrell: If she doesn't marry me, she doesn't go to Highgarden- which means she stays in King's Landing. Which means, you're trapped here, with Cersei Lannister as your mother-by-law.
Margaery Tyrell: Perhaps.
Loras Tyrell: ...Perhaps?
Margaery Tyrell: [nods] Perhaps.

Dialog #294
Tyrion Lannister: Eunuch, Spider, Master of Whisperers-
Varys: Imp, Halfman. [Tyrion toasts him and drinks] There are faster ways to kill yourself-
Tyrion Lannister: Not for a coward.
Varys: You are many things, my friend- but not a coward.
Tyrion Lannister:...You never told me why you set me free.
Varys: Your brother asked me to.
Tyrion Lannister: [refills his cup] You could've said no.
Varys: [smiles] Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition-
Tyrion Lannister: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything- why? You're not family, you owe me nothing.
Varys: I didn't do it for you. [looks out across the sea] I did it for the Seven Kingdoms.
Tyrion Lannister: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
Varys: I don't believe in saviors- I believe men of talent have a part to play in the wars to come.
Tyrion Lannister: You're going to have to find another soldier. I'm done with Westeros, and Westeros is done with me.
Varys: [rolls his eyes] You have many admirable qualities- self-pity is not one of them. Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power- but earning it for yourself? That takes work.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not well-suited for work-
Varys: I think you are. You have your father's instincts for politics- and you have compassion.
Tyrion Lannister: Compassion? Yes- I killed my lover with my bare hands, I shot my own father with a crossbow!
Varys: I never said you were perfect.
Tyrion Lannister: ...What is it you want, exactly?
Varys: Peace- prosperity. A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless.
Tyrion Lannister: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine? The powerful have always preyed on the powerless- that's how they became powerful in the first place-
Varys: Perhaps... and perhaps we've grown so accustomed to horror, we assume there's no other way. [Tyrion drinks] If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?
Tyrion Lannister: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
Varys: No, you won't- but you could help another climb those steps, and take that seat. [pause] The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high Lords, and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions, with a powerful army and the right family name.
Tyrion Lannister: Good luck finding him.
Varys: Who said anything about him? [Tyrion stares at him] You have a choice, my friend. You can stay here at Illyrio's palace and drink yourself to death- or, you can ride with me to Meereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for.
Tyrion Lannister: Can I drink myself to death on the way to Meereen?

Dialog #295
Brienne of Tarth: Lord Baelish- Lady Sansa. My name is Brienne of Tarth-
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: We've met, with Renly Baratheon. What did he say about you? He said... "Your loyalty came free of charge." [nods to Oathkeeper] Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then. [gestures to the two Arryn men-at-arms, and they let Brienne approach]
Brienne of Tarth: [kneels before Sansa] Lady Sansa. Before your mother's death, I was her sworn sword. I gave my word I would find you and protect you. I will shield your back and give you counsel, and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.
Petyr Baelish: [rises] Please, Lady Brienne, no need for such formality. [Brienne rises]...You were Catelyn Stark's sworn sword?
Brienne of Tarth: I was.
Petyr Baelish: Strange- I knew Cat from the time we were children. She never mentioned you.
Brienne of Tarth: It was after Renly's murder.
Petyr Baelish: Ahh, yes. You were accused of killing him.
Brienne of Tarth: [angrily] I tried to save him!
Petyr Baelish: But you were accused-
Brienne of Tarth: By men who didn't see what happened.
Petyr Baelish: And what did happen? [Brienne looks away]
Brienne of Tarth:...He was murdered by a shadow. A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon.
Petyr Baelish: A shadow? With a face? [looks at Sansa, scoffs] This woman swore to protect Renly- she failed. She swore to protect your mother- she failed. Why would I want someone with your history of failure guarding Lady Sansa-
Brienne of Tarth: [sharply] Why should you have any say in her affairs?
Petyr Baelish: Because I am her uncle. I married her aunt Lysa, shortly before my beloved's untimely death- we're family, now. And you are an outsider. Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experience has made me wary of outsiders.
Brienne of Tarth: Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone-
Sansa Stark: No.
Brienne of Tarth: Please, my Lady, if you would let me explain-
Sansa Stark: I saw you at Joffrey's wedding- bowing to the King.
Brienne of Tarth: Neither of us wanted to be there. Sometimes we don't have a choice-
Sansa Stark: And sometimes we do. [pause] You should leave.

Dialog #296
Narrator: [Cersei prepares to hold a Small Council meeting; she takes the seat reserved for the Hand of the King, while Qyburn sits at her right hand. Pycelle gives Qyburn a look of disgust, while Ser Kevan Lannister and Mace Tyrell look at Cersei in surprise]
Kevan Lannister: ([disbelievingly]...You're the Hand of the King?
Cersei Lannister: [sarcastic] No, Uncle- clearly, it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son, until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself.
Mace Tyrell: Your Grace, I would be willing to serve provisionally as the King's Hand, until he becomes-
Cersei: You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the King has appointed you Master of Coin.
Mace Tyrell: [momentarily taken aback, then extremely pleased] ....Oh, Your Grace!-
Cersei Lannister: He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. [Mace beams, Kevan rolls his eyes] He said he would be honored to have you represent the Crown's interests in the same.
Mace Tyrell: The honor is all mine, Your Grace!
Pycelle: Your Grace, in the past on several occasions, a Grandmaester has served as the King's Hand-
Cersei Lannister: The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers. [Kevan, Pycell and Mace all look shocked]
Pycelle: [stares at Qyburn, who gazes back at him coldly]...Your Grace! This- This man? This- embarrassment to the Citadel?! Your Grace- what qualifications can he possibly have for this post?!
Cersei: The qualification of loyalty, Grandmaester- that's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have.
Pycelle:...I must say, I cannot see how-
Cersei Lannister: [talking over him, irritated] Uncle Kevan! [forces a smile] In light of your position as Commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the King if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.
Kevan Lannister:...That is kind of you to say. [pause] I would like to hear it from the King, himself.
Cersei Lannister: The King is very busy, at this moment-
Kevan Lannister: He should be here, learning what it means to rule-
Cersei Lannister: He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.
Kevan Lannister: [angrily]...I return to the Capitol to pay my respects to my brother- and to you- and, to serve the King. I did not return to the Capitol to serve as your puppet- to watch you stack the Small Council with sycophants! [looks scornfully at Qyburn, then at Cersei] Sending your own brother away so he won't-
Cersei Lannister: My brother has left the Capitol to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.
Kevan Lannister: [suspiciously] What mission?
Cersei Lannister: That is not your concern, as Master of War.
Kevan Lannister: I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern. You are the Queen Mother- nothing more. [stands up, starts to leave]
Cersei Lannister: [furious] You would abandon your King in his time of need?!
Kevan Lannister: [turns back]...If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him- at Casterly Rock.

Dialog #297
Narrator: [Ellaria Sand clenches her fist as she watches Trystane Martell and Myrcella Baratheon walking and talking. The couple notice Ellaria glowering down at them from a balcony and walk away. Ellaria storms off to speak with Prince Doran but is halted by his Captain of the Guard, Areo Hotah]
Areo Hotah: [blocking her way with his longaxe] The Prince does not wish to be disturbed.
Ellaria Sand: [angrily] Remove yourself from my path, or I'll take that longaxe and shove it up your-
Doran Martell: Captain! Let her pass. [Areo does so; Ellaria comes up to Doran in his wheelchair]
Ellaria Sand: Your brother was murdered- and you sit here in the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing-
Doran Martell: Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat; by law, that is no murder.
Ellaria Sand: Your brother-
Doran Martell: [glares at her] You don't have to remind me- he was my brother long before he was anything to you.
Ellaria Sand: What will you do about his death?
Doran Martell: I will bury him. I will mourn for him.
Ellaria Sand: And then?
Doran Martell: [scornfully] You would have me go to war-
Ellaria Sand: The whole country would have you go to war.
Doran Martell: Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide.
Ellaria Sand: The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people- they will avenge their father, while you sit here in your chair, doing nothing. [she glares down from the balcony at Trystane and Myrcella] Oberyn is dead- and this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens, eating our food, breathing our air- How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill? [pause] Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei, one finger at a time
Doran Martell: I loved my brother. And you made him very happy. For that, you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance- not here. Not while I rule.
Ellaria Sand: And how long will that be? [leaves; Areo looks meaningfully at Doran and taps his longaxe, but Doran shakes his head]

Dialog #298
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace? A word, please, I beg you.
Daenerys Targaryen: About what?
Barristan Selmy: About your father- about the Mad King-
Daenerys Targaryen: [sharply] The "Mad King"? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.[she walks past him]
Barristan Selmy: [sighs] Your Grace. [Dany stops] I served in his Kingsguard- I was at his side from the first. Your enemies did not lie. [Dany stares at him]
Daenerys Targaryen: Go on.
Barristan Selmy: When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. [pause] And, his efforts to stamp out dissent... led to a rebellion that killed every Targaryen- except two.
Daenerys Targaryen: [shocked]...I'm not my father.
Barristan Selmy: [shakes his head] No, Your Grace- thank the Gods. [steps closer to her] But, the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved- and each time, it made him feel powerful and right...until the very end. [Dany considers his words]
Daenerys Targaryen: I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.
Barristan Selmy: [nods] Your Grace.

Dialog #299
Arya Stark: Who are you?! Why were they scared of you?
Faceless Man: You lost this. (he tosses Arya the iron coin that paid her passage across the Narrow Sea. When she looks up, the old man removes his face- to reveal that of Jaqen H'ghar)
Arya Stark: You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.
Jaqen H'ghar/Faceless Man: There isn't. A man is not Jaqen H'ghar.
Arya Stark: Well, then who are you, then?
Jaqen H'ghar/ Faceless Man: No one. And that is who a girl must become. (he opens the doors of the House of Black and White and lets her in)

Dialog #300
Roose Bolton: We can't hold the North with terror alone.
Narrator: [Ramsay eats as Theon/ Reek brings more food to the table]
Ramsay Bolton: {talking with his mouth full] We can't hold the North if we let these lesser Lords insult us.
Roose Bolton: I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies.
Ramsay Bolton: Lord Cerwyn refused to pay. Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and he'd be damned if he'd kiss a traitor's boot.
Roose Bolton: He left you no choice.
Ramsay Bolton: I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother. Made his son watch.
Narrator: [Theon/Reek looks horrified as he walks away from the table]
Roose Bolton: And?
Ramsay Bolton: The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes. [Roose stares at him, without any emotion showing]
Roose Bolton: I have something to tell you. [Ramsay keeps eating, doesn't look up] Stop eating and listen. [Ramsay stops eating, straightens up and faces his father] We don't have enough men to hold the North, if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?
Ramsay Bolton: Our pact with the Lannisters protects-
Roose Bolton: I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away, dealing with that fact. They've never once, in the history of the Seven Kingdoms, sent their army this far North. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We've become a Great House, by entering into alliance with other Houses and parlaying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance, isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. Now that you're a Bolton by Royal decree, it's high time you married a suitable bride... and as it happens, I've found the perfect girl to solidify our hold on the North.

Dialog #301
Narrator: [Arya, sweeping the floor, watches Jaqen comfort a heartbroken man and offer him a drink from the Pool]
Visitor: Valar Morghulis.
Jaqen H'ghar: Valar Doaheris. [the man drinks, then walks over to one of the various statues in the room and kneels. Arya sets down the broom and goes to Jaqen.
Arya Stark: I've been sweeping this floor for days.
Jaqen H'ghar: Good.
Arya Stark: I didn't come here to sweep floors.
Jaqen H'ghar: No? Why come then?
Arya Stark: You said I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to be a Faceless Man.
Jaqen H'ghar: A man teaches a girl. Valar Doaheris "All men must serve". Faceless men, most of all.
Arya Stark: I want to serve!
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl wants to serve herself. Here, we serve the Many-Faced God. To serve well... a girl must become no one.
Arya Stark: Which one's the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger, the Drowned God, the Weirwood Face-
Jaqen H'ghar: There is only one God- a girl knows his name. And, all men know his gift.
Narrator: [He walks away, Arya glances at the kneeling man- who has rolled over, peacefully dead.]

Dialog #302
Sansa Stark: (staring northward along the Kingsroad)...That's Moat Cailin.
Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish: Yes. Bit shabby, isn't it? You've been here before?
Sansa Stark: On my way down to King's Landing, with my father and Arya... Where are you taking me?
Petyr Baelish: Home. (Sansa looks suspicious and frightened)
Sansa Stark:...The Boltons have Winterfell. (she stares at Petyr, who nods slowly, then turns back towards Moat Cailin) Your marriage proposal, it wasn't for you.
Petyr Baelish:...No.
Sansa Stark: (tearful and angry) Roose Bolton murdered my brother! He betrayed my family!
Petyr Baelish: He did-
Sansa Stark: He serves the Lannisters!
Petyr Baelish: (shrugs)...For now.
Sansa Stark: (shakes her head) I won't go.
Petyr Baelish: Winterfell is your home-
Sansa Stark: Not anymore-
Petyr Baelish: Always. (Sansa stares at him) You're a Stark. Dyeing your hair doesn't change that- you're Sansa Stark, eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark. Your place is in the North.
Sansa Stark: I can't marry him- you can't make me! He's a traitor, a murderer-
Petyr Baelish: You're not marrying Roose Bolton! No, you'll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay. One day, he'll be Warden of the North, and you'll-
Sansa Stark: No.
Petyr Baelish: Sansa-
Sansa Stark: (tearful and angry again) No, you can't make me! I will starve myself- I will die before I have to go there-
Petyr Baelish: (grabs her by the shoulders) I won't force you to do anything. Don't you know, by now, how much I care about you? (pause) Say the word, and we'll turn the horses around- but listen to me. Listen. (lowers his voice) You've been running all your life. Terrible things have happened to your family, and you weep- you sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a bystander to tragedy, from the day they executed your father. (pause) Stop being a bystander, d'you hear me? Stop running. (takes Sansa's face in his hands) There's no justice in the world- not unless we make it. You loved your family- avenge them. (kisses her forehead)

Dialog #303
Brienne of Tarth: (as Podrick cleans her boots) Aren't you getting a bit old to be a squire? (Podrick pauses, then continues cleaning the boots) How did you end up squiring for the Imp?
Podrick Payne: (glares at her)...He hates that nickname.
Brienne of Tarth: Well, he's not here to complain about it, is he? (Podrick hands her boots back)
Podrick Payne:...I squired for a knight named Ser Loromer, during the War of the Five Kings. One night, he had a bit too much to drink, and he was famished, so he...borrowed a ham.
Brienne of Tarth: He "borrowed" it?
Podrick Payne: He wasn't a thief. He was drunk, and hungry, and he wasn't thinking. I was drunk, too. He gave me half the ham. (pause) Next morning, one of the guards saw him passed out under a wagon, with the ham-bone still in his hand...They hanged him that afternoon. (pause) They tied the noose for me, too- but Lord Tywin heard my family name was Payne, so he pardoned me and sent me to King's Landing to squire for his son.
Brienne of Tarth: (nods) As punishment... for both of you.
Podrick Payne:(shrugs) It didn't seem that way. Lord Tyrion was always very good to me-
Brienne of Tarth: Yes, all your Lords have been very kind to you- all except me. (gets up, walks around the camp) Sorry you had to squire for such a nasty person-
Podrick Payne: I'm not sorry. You're the best fighter I've ever seen. You beat the Hound. (pause) I'm proud to be your squire. (long pause)
Brienne of Tarth:...I'm sorry I'm always snapping at you.
Podrick Payne: If you didn't snap at me, I wouldn't learn anything. (Brienne turns around slowly)
Brienne of Tarth:...You want to be a knight, Pod?
Podrick Payne: (looks up, nods) Yes.
Brienne of Tarth: (walks back over) Starting tomorrow, we train with a sword twice a day- before we ride in the morning, and after we make camp in the evening. (sits down next to him) And I'm going to show you how to ride properly.
Podrick Payne: (smiles) Thank you.
Brienne of Tarth: I can't knight you, but I can teach you how to fight.
Podrick Payne: Well, I suppose that's more important. (he lights the fire, then start to help Brienne remove her armor) You weren't a knight, but you were a Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon, weren't you?
Brienne of Tarth:...I was.
Podrick Payne: Lord Tyrion said he was a good man.
Brienne of Tarth:...He was.
Podrick Payne: How did you end up serving Renly?
Brienne of Tarth:...When I was a girl, my father held a ball. I'm his only living child, so he wanted to make a good match for me. (Podrick finishes and sits down next to her to listen) He invited dozens of young Lords to Tarth- I didn't want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom. (pause) And it was wonderful. None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was. They shoved each other and threatened to duel when they thought it was their turn to dance. (Pod smiles) And whispered in my ear, how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles. My father smiled at me, and I smiled at him. I had never been so happy...'till I saw a few of the boys snickering. And then, they all started to laugh; they couldn't keep the game going any longer. (bitterly) They were toying with me- "Brienne the Beauty", they called me. Great joke. (pause, Podrick stares at her) And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive. A great, lumbering beast (pause) I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms. "Don't let them see your tears," he told me, "They're nasty little shits, and nasty little shits aren't worth crying over." He danced with me, and none of the other boys could say a word. (she and Pod both smile) Renly was the King's brother, after all.
Podrick Payne:...But, wasn't he... (Brienne looks at him) Lord Tyrion said he was-
Brienne of Tarth: (irritably) Yes, Pod, he liked men! I'm not an idiot. He didn't love me, he didn't want me- he danced with me because he was kind, and didn't want to see me hurt. (pause) He saved me from being a joke... from that day, until his last day. (pause) And I couldn't save him, in return. (glances at Pod) Nothing's more hateful, than failing to protect the one you love. One day, I will avenge King Renly.
Podrick Payne: (frowns) But you said a shadow murdered him. How do you fight a shadow?
Brienne of Tarth: A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I know it was Stannis- I know it in my heart. Stannis is a man, not a a shadow, and a man... can be killed.

Dialog #304
Stannis Baratheon: (enters Jon's chambers, followed by Davos) Lord Commander.
Jon Snow: (stands up) Your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: (glances at Olly as he closes the door)...I'd like to speak alone.
Jon Snow: Olly is my steward, now- as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience... one day, he might command.
Stannis Baratheon:...Very well. (he and Jon sit down) Have you considered my offer?
Jon Snow:...I have. And I thank you for it; you do me great honor. All my life, I wanted to be Jon Stark.
Stannis Baratheon: Say the word, and you will be.
Jon Snow:... But I have to refuse you. (pause) I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch- my place is here.
Stannis Baratheon: I am giving you the chance to avenge your family- to take back the castle where you grew up. (Jon looks away) To rule the North.
Jon Snow: I wish I could fight beside you- believe me, I do. (pause) But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.
Stannis Baratheon: (exasperated) You're as stubborn as your father- and as honorable.
Jon Snow: I can imagine no higher praise-
Stannis Baratheon: I didn't mean it as praise. Honor got your father killed. (stands up) But, if your mind's made up, I won't try and dissuade you.
Jon Snow: (stands up as well) May I ask Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black-
Stannis Baratheon: (irritated) Are you bored of us already?!
Jon Snow:...You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival; the Night's Watch can't continue to feed your army and the Wildling prisoners indefinitely...and winter is coming.
Stannis Baratheon: (nods)...I know it. We march on Winterfell within the fortnight, before the snows trap us here. (starts to leave)
Jon Snow:...And the Wildlings? (Stannis turns back)
Stannis Baratheon: They'd rather burn than fight for me- so be it. I leave their fate to you. (pause) You could execute them, that's the safest course... or, you could see if this Tormund fellow is more willing to compromise than Mance ever was. I assume the Brothers of the Night's Watch would rather see the Wildlings dead.
Jon Snow: Most of the Brothers, yes... there's little love for the Free Folk here. (glances at Olly)
Stannis Baratheon: You're the Lord Commander- your decision. (heads for the door, pauses) You have many enemies in Castle Black; have you considered sending Alliser Thorne elsewhere? (pause) Give him command of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
Jon Snow: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close-
Stannis Baratheon: Whoever said that didn't have many enemies. (leaves, Jon shakes his head)
Davos Seaworth: He sees something in you. Might not be a parent from his tone, but it's the truth- he believes in you.
Jon Snow: I'm sorry I disappointed him. (Davos sits as Olly shuts the door)
Davos Seaworth: The King is... a complicated man, but he wants to do what's right for the Seven Kingdoms-
Jon Snow: As long as he's ruling them.
Davos Seaworth: He's the one true King. He has a blood right to that throne-
Jon Snow: I've sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
Davos Seaworth: Have you, now? (turns to Olly) How does the vow of the Night's Watch go, again? I bet you've got it memorized since you got here. (Olly glances to Jon, who nods)
Olly:... "Night gathers, and now my Watch begins-"
Davos Seaworth: No, not that bit- the bit at the end.
Olly:..."I am the Sword in the Darkness, the Watcher on the Walls, the Shield that guards the Realms of Men. (Davos nods) I pledge my-"
Davos Seaworth: Right, that's enough. (turns back to Jon) The Shield that guards the Realms of Men- that's what you swore to be. Now, I'm not a learned man, but the best way to help the most people might not be sittin' in a frozen castle on the edge of the world. It just might mean wadin' in the muck, gettin' your boots dirty... and doing what needs to be done.
Jon Snow: (sarcastically) And what needs to be done?
Davos Seaworth: (stands up) As long as the Boltons rule the North... the North will suffer. Just one man's opinion. (leaves)

Dialog #305
Jon Snow: Ser Alliser. (pause, Thorne stares at him resentfully) You have more experience than any other Ranger at Castle Black. You proved your valor many times over, while defending the Wall from the Wildling attack. (pause) I name you First Ranger. (Thorne looks surprised; the Black Brothers quietly voice their approval as Janos Slynt claps Thorne on the shoulder in congratulations) Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard.
Janos Slynt: (gives Jon an expression of disbelief and amusement) Greyguard is a ruin.
Jon Snow: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First builder Yarwick can spare ten men-
Janos Slynt: (sneering) I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling-clothes. Keep your ruin. (the men voice their disapproval of Slynt's attitude, though a few are amused)
Samwell Tarly: All right, all right! (they quiet) Enough of that!
Jon Snow: (sharply) You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armor, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
Janos Slynt: (stands up angrily) I will not go meekly off to freeze and die. Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you! I will not have it- do you hear me, boy?! I will not have it!
Jon Snow: (coldly) Are you refusing to obey my order? (the Watchmen stare at Slynt)
Janos Slynt: You can stick your order up your bastard arse. (the Watchmen mutter in amazement; Slynt glares at Jon, while Thorne watches them in apparent amusement)
Jon Snow: (to Dolorous Edd) Take Lord Janos outside. (Edd gets up) Olly, bring me my sword. (Olly runs to do so)
Narrator: [All the Black Brothers stand up, as Slynt glares around them. Edd moves through the Watchmen towards Slynt, but finds his way barred by Thorne; after a tense pause, Thorne suddenly steps aside, giving Slynt a contemptuous look. Stunned at the loss of his one supporter, Slynt struggles frantically as he is seized by Edd and another Watchman]
Janos Slynt: You cannot do this! Get your hands off me! Stop, all of you! If the boy thinks he can frighten me, he's mistaken- yes, very mistaken! [One of the brothers brings out the block.] That disgrace! I have friends, important friends in the Capitol! You'll see!
Narrator: [Edd gives Slynt a shove, forcing him to his knees over the block. Inside, Jon finishes his ale and strides outside into Castle Black courtyard; Olly hands him Longclaw and the Watchmen part to allow him access. Stannis Baratheon is watching from a nearby catwalk. Jon finally reaches the restrained Slynt and draws his sword, sending Slynt into a state of terror]
Jon Snow: If you have any last words, my Lord, now's the time.
Janos Slynt: I was wrong! You're the Lord Commander! We all serve you! [Jon looks disgusted at Slynt's cowardice. I'm sorry! Not only for this, but for all I've done and said! I was wrong! [Jon raises Longclaw) My Lord, please! Mercy! [Jon pauses mid-swing and lowers Longclaw, Sam stares at him] Mercy! I'll go, I will! [Bursts into tears.] Please! I'm afraid! I've always been afraid! [Looks away, sniveling.]
Narrator: [After a tense pause, Jon suddenly brings Longclaw down, beheading Slynt with one swing. As he hands the sword to one of the Brothers, he glances in Stannis' direction; Stannis gives him a brief nod of approval]

Dialog #306
Stannis Baratheon: (reading a letter, as Shireen enters his chamber)...Are you lonely?
Shireen Baratheon: Just bored.
Stannis: My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources.
Shireen: Were you bored a lot, too?
Stannis: I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I-
Shireen: I like it. I thought I'd be left at home. (pause, goes across to the map and picks up a Bolton symbol) I know Mother didn't want to bring me.
Stannis: Why do you say that?
Narrator: Shireen She told me, "I don't want to bring you."
Stannis: She shouldn't have said that.
Narrator: [Shireen starts to leave the room, but pauses near the door]
Shireen: Are you ashamed of me, Father?
Narrator: [Caught off guard by her question, Stannis looks up at her in surprise. He puts his papers down, stands up and comes around the desk to stand opposite her]
Stannis: When you were an infant, a Dornish trader landed on Dragonstone. His goods were junk, except one wooden doll- he'd even sown a dress on it, in the colors of our House. No doubt, he'd heard of your birth, and assumed new fathers were easy targets. (pause) I still remember how you smiled, when I put that doll in your cradle- how you pressed it to your cheek. (Shireen smiles briefly, but loses it when she sees the anger in Stannis's face. He turns away and starts fixing the map)...By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late. I was told you would die, or worse, the greyscale would go slow. That you'd grow just enough to know the world, before taking it away from you. Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria, to live out your short life with the stone-men before the sickness spread through the castle. (he turns to look at her) I told them all to go to Hell. I called in every Maester on this side of the world- every healer, every apothecary. They stopped the disease, and saved your life. Because you do not belong across the world, with the bloody stone-men. You are the Princess Shireen, of House Baratheon... and you are my daughter. (Shireen smiles and tearfully hugs him; after an awkward pause, Stannis returns the hug)

Dialog #307
Obara Sand: Will it be war?
Ellaria Sand: Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves.
Obara Sand: Without Doran, we have no army to march against the Lannisters-
Ellaria Sand: We don't need an army to start a war. Queen Cersei loves her children- and we have one of them.
Nymeria Sand:...You may have a problem.
Narrator: [Nymeria flicks her bullwhip, flipping over a bucket to reveal a gagged prisoner buried up to his neck in the sand, with scorpions crawling over him]
Obara Sand: A ship's captain who found me in Planky Town- claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne.
Ellaria Sand: He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose- Doran's way, and peace... or my way, and war. (Tyene walks over to her mother)
Tyene Sand: I'm with you. Always. (Ellaria smiles and strokes her cheek, then glances at Oberyn's two oldest daughters)
Ellaria Sand: Nym? (after a measured pause, Nymeria nods)...Obara?
Obara Sand:...When I was a child, Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet, he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young... and a girl. (walks over to where her spear is stuck in the sand) Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, "Girl or boy, we fight our battles- but the Gods let us choose our weapons." My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears. (yanks the spear out of the sand, twirls it expertly, then throws it, impaling their captive through the head) I made my choice long ago. (her sisters and Ellaria smile)

Dialog #308
Melisandre : Lord Commander.
Jon Snow : How can I help you?
Melisandre : Come with us when we ride south. None of us know the castle as well as you do. Its hitten tunnels, its weaknesses, its people. Winterfell was your home once. Don't you want to chase the rats out of it?
Jon Snow : Castle Black is my home now. The Night's Watch take no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.
Melisandre : There's only one war. Life against death. Come. Let me show you what you're fighting for.
Jon Snow : You're gonna show me some visions in the fire. Forgive me my lady, I don't trust in visions.
Melisandre : No visions. No magic. Just life. Do you feel my heart beating ? This power in you, you resist it and that's your mistake. Embrace it. The lord of light made us male and female. Two parts of a greater all. You're not joining this power. Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows.
Jon Snow : I don't think Stannis would like that very much.
Melisandre : Then we shouldn't tell him.
Jon Snow : I can't.
Melisandre : Why?
Jon Snow : I swore a vow. I loved another.
Melisandre : The dead don't need lovers. Only the living.
Jon Snow : I know. But I still love her.
Melisandre : You know nothing Jon Snow.

Dialog #309
Narrator: [Sansa is standing before the tomb of her aunt Lyanna in the Stark family crypt at Winterfell.]
Petyr Baelish: I thought I might find you here. Your aunt Lyanna.
Sansa Stark: Father never talked about her. But sometimes I'd find him down here lighting the candles. He'd say she was beautiful.
Petyr Baelish: I saw her once. I was a boy living with your mother's family. Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhall. Everyone was there. The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon. And Lyanna...she was already promised to Robert. You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men tilting at the lists. The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for their prince. I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and saw that silver hair. How handsome he was. Until he rode right past his wife Elia Martell, and all the smiles died. I had never seen so many people. He rode past his wife and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap. Blue with frost. How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt?
Sansa Stark: Yes he chose her. And then he kidnapped her and raped her.
Petyr Baelish: Come. Let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us.

Dialog #310
Bronn: Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?
Jaime Lannister: This ship's sailing to Oldtown. We'll get off earlier, not far from Sunspear. Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night.
Bronn: You ever been to Dorne?
Jaime Lannister: No.
Bronn: I have. The Dornish are crazy. All they want to do is fight and fuck, fuck and fight.
Jaime Lannister: You should be happy to go back then.
Bronn: There's nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking. And there's nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight. It's how the two work together. And we're gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure. Well, I am. But I don't imagine we'll get to stick around for the rest. Not after we've kidnapped their princess.
Jaime Lannister: We are not kidnapping their princess. We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family.
Bronn: Your niece?

Dialog #311
Daenerys Targaryen: (to the heads of Meereen's Great Families, in Valyrian) Walk forward. (the Unsullied heft their spears, forcing the Meereenese Masters forward into the catacombs)
Meereenese Nobleman: (in Valyrian) You cannot do this! (there is a rattling of chains and growling in the darkness ahead as the Masters move slightly forward, still protesting feebly)
Daenerys Targaryen: (in Valyrian) Another step. (the Unsullied force them further; Dany walks out to join them, followed by Daario) They will eat you if I tell them to. They may eat you even if I don’t. Children. Some say I should give up on them. But a good mother never gives up on her children. She disciplines them if she must. (nods to Daario, who suddenly shoves one of the Masters much further forward) But she does not give up on them.

Dialog #312
Daenerys Targaryen: (in Valyrian, as the Masters watch in horror) Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are... maybe none of you are. (puts her hand on Hizdahr's shaking shoulder) Maybe I should let the dragons decide.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (closes his eyes) Valar Morghulis.
Daenerys Targaryen: (glances at the other Masters, who are kneeling towards her in positions of supplication) I don't want to overfeed them. (pause) Tomorrow, perhaps.

Dialog #313
Maester Aemon: You will find little joy in your command. But, with luck, you’ll find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy and let the man be born.

Dialog #314
Jon Snow: Where are the rest of the Free Folk now? Where have they gone?(Tormund smirks and remains silent) Who leads them?
Tormund Giantsbane: They followed Mance. They won't follow anyone else. (Jon nods)
Jon Snow: What about you?
Tormund Giantsbane: (raises his manacled wrists) Hard to lead when you're in chains.
Jon Snow:...What if I unchained you?
Tormund Giantsbane: Why would you do that?
Jon Snow: Because you are not my enemy. And I am not yours.
Tormund Giantsbane: You sure seemed like my enemy, when you were killing my friends.
Jon Snow: For eight thousand years, the Night's Watch have sworn an oath to be the Shield that guards the Realms of Men. And for eight thousand years, we've fallen short of that oath. You belong to the Realms of Men- all of you.
Tormund Giantsbane: (sarcastically) And now, everything is going to change?
Jon Snow: It is.
Tormund Giantsbane: Why now?
Jon Snow: Because now, I am Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
Tormund Giantsbane: (leans forward) What would you have me do, "Lord Commander?"
Jon Snow: (stands up) I'd have you go north of the Wall, gather the remaining Free Folk wherever they are, and bring them back here. I'll open the gates for them and let them through. (pause) I'll find them lands to settle, south of the Wall.
Tormund Giantsbane: They won't kneel for you. And neither will I.
Jon Snow: (impatient) I don't want them to kneel for me. I want them to fight with me, when the time comes.
Tormund Giantsbane: The day I ask my people to fight with the Crows is the day my people cut my guts from my belly and make me eat them.
Jon Snow: And how many of your people can't fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick- what happens to them? (Tormund looks away) You're condemning them to death.(angrily) Worse than death- because you're too proud to make peace! (Tormund glares at him) Or maybe you're not proud. Maybe you're just a coward. (Tormund stands up angrily, towering over Jon, but Jon stares him down)
Tormund Giantsbane: Easy thing to say, to a man in chains. (Jon unlocks Tormund's chains, to the latter's amazement)
Jon Snow: Your people need a leader, and they need to get south of the Wall before it's too late. We don't have much time, and they have less. The Walkers are coming, and they'll hit your people first. I'm not asking you to make peace, to save your own skin. Make peace to save your people. (long pause)
Tormund Giantsbane: Most of them are at Hardhome. You know where that is?
Jon Snow: Up on Storrold's Point. (walks over to his desk) I can give you ten horses and nine other men- you can get there in a week.
Tormund Giantsbane: We'll need ships. (pause)
Jon Snow: I'll talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet.
Tormund:... All right then. You're coming with me. (pause) You're the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch- they need to hear it from you. They need to know, the ships they are boarding, won't be torched in the middle of the sea. (walks up to Jon) You come with me- or I don't go.

Dialog #315
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically, feeling his damaged nose) Don't worry- I'll be fine, nothing broken, I don't think. Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne. (pause) Long sullen silences, and an occasional punch in the face: the Mormont way. (Jorah, looking ahead as he steers the boat, doesn't respond) Let's... start over. I apologize for before- my mouth sometimes runs away from me. This doesn't have to be an unpleasant trip. (pause) We're going to be spending a lot of time together, on the way to Meereen.
Jorah Mormont: We are.
Tyrion Lannister: What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine.
Jorah Mormont: No wine.
Tyrion Lannister: (irritated) I am a person who drinks. People who drink need to keep drinking, otherwise they’re not- (he notices Jorah standing up to look ahead, and turns around)... I know where we are. You're taking us through Valyria.
Jorah Mormont: I am.
Tyrion Lannister: You've sailed through here before?
Jorah Mormont: Nope.
Tyrion Lannister: You going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland, in case I'm not enough?
Jorah Mormont: (still staring at the approaching ruins of Valyria) I think you'll be plenty.
Tyrion Lannister: You know what they say. "The Doom still rules Valyria". What about the demons, and the flames? Aren't you afraid of the Doom?
Jorah Mormont: No. (sits down as they begin to pass into one of the channels) But pirates are.
Tyrion Lannister:... The Smoking Sea. (watches the ruins passing them in the fog) How many centuries, before we learn to build cities like this again? For thousands of years, the Valyrians were the best in the world at... almost everything. And then...
Jorah Mormont: And then, they weren't.
Tyrion Lannister: And then they weren't. (begins reciting a poem as they gaze around them at Valyria) "They held each other close, and turned their backs upon the end/ The hills that split asunder, and the black that ate the skies/ The flames that shot, so high and hot, that even dragons burned/ Would never be the final sights, that fell upon their eyes/ To fly upon a wall, the waves, the sea wind whipped and churned-"
Jorah Mormont: "A city of a thousand years, and all that men had learned (Tyrion turns towards him) The Doom consumed them all alike, and neither of them turned." (glances at Tyrion, smiles ruefully)
Tyrion Lannister: (raises his bound hands)... I would clap. (they glance back at the ruins) I suppose this is it, then. This is what remains.

Dialog #316
Ramsay Bolton: [About Sansa and Theon] I heard you two had been reunited. A fitting place for it. I like to imagine the last time you spoke was in this very room. Are you still angry with him after he...what he did? Don't worry. The North remembers. I punished him for it. He's not Ironborn anymore. He's not Theon Greyjoy anymore. He's a new man. A new person anyway. Aren't you, Reek?
Theon/Reek: Yes Master.
Ramsay Bolton: That's his new name. Reek.
Sansa Stark: [sharply] Why are you doing this?
Ramsay Bolton: Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek?
Narrator: [Ramsay gestures Theon to come closer to the table, which he does.]
Ramsay Bolton: An apology? Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers.
Theon/Reek: I'm sorry.
Ramsay Bolton: Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye.
Theon/Reek: I'm sorry.
Ramsay Bolton: Sorry about what?
Theon/Reek: Killing your brothers.
Narrator: [Ramsay takes a moment to relish this and then throws his hands up.]
Ramsay Bolton: There! Over and done with it. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do. [Sansa wipes away a tear.] That was getting very tense. [Theon walks away from the table in shame.] You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone, Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek! [Theon turns to face Ramsay.] You will give away the bride. [Sansa turns to Ramsay in anger.] Someone has to. What better person? Good? [To Roose] Good?
Roose Bolton: Yes, yes, very good.
Ramsay Bolton: Wonderful!
Narrator: [Ramsay smugly takes a sip of wine.]
Roose Bolton: Walda and I have some good news as well. Since we're all together.
Walda Bolton: [smiles] We're going to have a baby!
Narrator: [Ramsay's smile quickly fades.]
Sansa Stark: Very happy for you.
Roose Bolton: From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy.
Narrator: [Ramsay takes a big gulp of wine and puts his cup down on the table rather hard as Sansa smirks at his displeasure.]

Dialog #317
Ramsay Bolton: How can you be sure?
Roose Bolton: Sure of what?
Ramsay Bolton: That she's pregnant. I mean...how can you tell?
Roose Bolton: Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt.
Ramsay Bolton: So...how did you manage it?
Roose Bolton: Manage what?
Ramsay Bolton: Getting her pregnant.
Roose Bolton: I imagine you're familiar with the procedure.
Ramsay Bolton: Of course but how did you...find it?
Roose Bolton: You disgraced yourself at dinner. Parading that creature before the Stark girl.
Ramsay Bolton: And if it's a boy.
Roose Bolton: You're worried about your position?
Ramsay Bolton: My position is quite clear. I'm your son. Until a better alternative comes along.
Roose Bolton: You've never asked me about your mother.
Ramsay Bolton: Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are.
Roose Bolton: She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was a miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged, and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped, and the child thrown in the river. But then I looked at you, and I saw then what I see now. You are my son.

Dialog #318
Lancel Lannister: Lord Baelish.
Petyr Baelish: Yes? [Turns his head as Lancel and his fellow Sparrows approach.] Lancel Lannister.
Lancel Lannister: Brother Lancel. We abandoned our family names.
Petyr Baelish: That's quite a family to abandon.
Lancel Lannister: The city has changed since you were here last. We've flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and sent the godless on the run.
Petyr Baelish: Well done.
Narrator: [Petyr turns to leave but Lancel puts a hand on his shoulder prompting their respective comrades to make a grab for their weapons.]
Petyr Baelish: I'm here on urgent business with the Queen Mother. Should I send word that I will be delayed?
Narrator: [Lancel releases Baelish.]
Lancel Lannister: Step carefully, Lord Baelish. You'll find there's little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new King's Landing.
Petyr Baelish: We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel. Mine just happen to be entertaining.

Dialog #319
Petyr Baelish: Do you think it's wise, your Grace? Arresting the heir to Highgarden?
Cersei Lannister: The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.
Petyr Baelish: Of course. And the Faith were armed on your orders.
Cersei Lannister: The King's orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras's perversion?
Petyr Baelish: [Shakes his head.] House Tyrell won't tolerate this insult.
Cersei Lannister: [Snorts.] House Tyrell won't tolerate it? I'm the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys.
Petyr Baelish: One's choice of companion is a curious thing.

Dialog #320
Cersei Lannister: If there's nothing else...
Petyr Baelish: There is another matter, your Grace. Something so urgent I couldn't trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame, I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. [Cersei shifts her gaze from the floor to Baelish.] Alive and well. At home again. Living at Winterfell.
Cersei Lannister: That's not possible!
Petyr Baelish: My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen.
Cersei Lannister: Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.
Petyr Baelish: Indeed. His reward for stabbing his own king in the heart.
Cersei Lannister: We were fools to trust a turncloak.
Petyr Baelish: Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house.
Cersei Lannister: I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on their bloody sigil!
Petyr Baelish: I would counsel patience, your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Patience!? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor!
Petyr Baelish: Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle. Let the enemies of the Throne slaughter each other, and when they're done, seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives.
Cersei Lannister: Winterfell is a thousand miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn.
Petyr Baelish: That is why it is critical to strike soon while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely, your uncle Kevan could muster a force.
Cersei Lannister: My uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.
Petyr Baelish: Ser Jaime then.
Cersei Lannister: Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I have no idea when he'll be back.
Petyr Baelish: Perhaps I can help. The knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros. Trained to battle in the ice and the snow.
Cersei Lannister: Forgive me, Lord Baelish, your reputation is a moneylender and profit-keeper, not a military man.
Petyr Baelish: You wouldn't risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the royal treasury. What do you have to lose? A brothelkeeper?
Cersei Lannister: And if you succeed?
Petyr Baelish: Name me Warden of the North?
Cersei Lannister: I'll speak to the King this evening. Have an issue of royal decree.
Petyr Baelish: I'll not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell.
Cersei Lannister: And I'll know you're a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark's head on a spike.
Petyr Baelish: As I said, I live to serve.

Dialog #321
Ellaria Sand: Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken... For Oberyn.
The Sand Snakes: For Oberyn.

Dialog #322
Obara Sand: (as she is fighting Jaime) Take her!
Nymeria Sand:(grabs Myrcella by the wrist) You're coming with me!
Myrcella Baratheon: I don't want to-
Nymeria Sand: (brandishes a knife in her face) I wasn't asking, Princess.

Dialog #323
Areo Hotah: Drop your weapons! (the rest of Doran Martell's personal guard surrounds Jaime, Bronn, Myrcella and the Sand Snakes; Myrcella looks relieved)
Obara Sand: I am Obara Sand, daughter of Oberyn Martell! I fight for Dorne- who do you fight for?!
Areo Hotah: Drop your weapons.
Narrator: [after a measured pause, Obara drops her spear and nods to her sisters; Tyene drops her daggers and Nym drops her whip and knife. When Jaime hesitates, Areo lunges at him with his longaxe but stops short of beheading him.]
Areo Hotah: (smiles coldly) When you were whole, it would have been a good fight. (Jaime drops his sword and raises his hands in surrender)

Dialog #324
High Sparrow: You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly?
Loras Tyrell: I don't pay attention to rumors.
High Sparrow: You were said to be despondent when he died. Witnesses state that you refused to leave his bedside even as Stannis's army closed in.
Loras Tyrell: He was my friend. He was my king.
High Sparrow: But wasn't Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the Seven, not Renly.
Loras Tyrell: I was wrong to support Renly's claim. I know that. But I was forgiven by Joffrey. I fought for him at the Battle of Blackwater.
High Sparrow: Wearing Renly's armor.
Loras Tyrell: [neverously scoffs] Why does it matter what I wore?
High Sparrow: Do you deny all the charges against you? Fornication, buggery, blasphemy.
Loras Tyrell: Of course I deny them.
High Sparrow: You never lay with Renly Baratheon?
Loras Tyrell: Never.
High Sparrow: Nor any other men?
Loras Tyrell: Never.
High Sparrow: That will be all, Ser Loras.
Narrator: [Loras rises and moves across the room to sit next to his grandmother.]
Olenna Tyrell: Well, I think that's quite enough of that.
Narrator: [Olenna rises from her chair.]
High Sparrow: The Faith calls Queen Margaery forward.
Margaery Tyrell: [incredulously] You call me forward?
High Sparrow: Yes, we have some questions for you.
Margaery Tyrell: I am the queen.
High Sparrow: You are, and according to the law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest.
Narrator: [Margaery looks at Cersei, who coldly returns her gaze. She then turns to her grandmother who gives a slight nod, and Margarey acquiesces to the High Sparrow.]
High Sparrow: How do you respond to these charges against your brother?
Margarey Tyrell: They are lies.
High Sparrow: All of them?
Narrator: Margaery Tyrell All of them.
High Sparrow: Queen Margaery, in the presence of the Gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him? To the best of your knowledge?
Margaery Tyrell: Yes I swear it.
High Sparrow: Thank you, your Grace.
Narrator: [Margaery sits back down between her grandmother and King Tommen but then the Sparrows bring in Olyvar, horrifying Ser Loras.]
High Sparrow: Do you know this man?
Olyvar: Yes. Very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell out of Highgarden.
High Sparrow: How did you come to meet him?
Olyvar: I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met.
High Sparrow: And what occurred in his chamber?
Olyvar: We engaged in intimate relations.
High Sparrow: You lay with him?
Olyvar: That night and many others.
Loras: [hoarsely] Liar! He's a liar!
High Sparrow: Is there anyone else who can support your claim?
Olyvar: Yes. Yes, Queen Margaery.
Narrator: [Tommen looks at his wife in shock.]
Olyvar: She walked in on us once, not long ago. She didn't seem surprised.
Cersei Lannister: This testimony is an insult to a Great House. Why should the Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?
Olyvar: He has a birthmark, your Grace. Quite high on his thigh. Wine-colored and roughly the shape of Dorne.
Narrator: [Loras lunges at Olyvar but two Sparrows rush in to restrain him.]
Loras Tyrell: Liar!
Narrator: [They pull him away as two more Sparrows walk over toward Margaery.]
Olenna Tyrell: What are you doing? Let us pass.
High Sparrow: The Faith is satisfied there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras. And Queen Margaery.
Olenna Tyrell: What!?
High Sparrow: Bearing false witness before the Gods is as grave a sin as any, my lady. Take her.
Narrator: [The Sparrows take hold of Margarey.]
Margaery Tyrell: No! [Tommen looks around as the Kingsguard prepare to intervene at his behest.] Tommen! Tommen! [Tommen silently raises his hand to the Kingsguard, unwilling to attack the Sparrows.] You can't do this! I am the queen! Tommen! Tommen! I am the queen! How dare you...take your hands off me!
Narrator: [Cersei looks over Olenna who stares at her quite coldly.]

Dialog #325
Jaqen H'ghar:... Is the girl ready? To give up her ears, her nose, her tongue? Her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates, all that makes a girl who she is... Forever? (Arya reaches out to touch the face of an elderly woman)...No. (Arya looks at him) A girl is not ready to become no one. (Arya moves her hand away from the face) But, she's ready to become someone else.

Dialog #326
Narrator: [Sansa is pacing the floor in her wedding gown when she hears a knock at the door.]
Sansa Stark: Yes?
Narrator: [The door opens and Reek enters to Sansa's disgust.]
Theon/Reek: I've come to escort you to the godswood, milady. If you please, milady, will you take my arm?
Sansa Stark: No.
Theon/Reek: Lord Ramsay...he said I'm to take your arm.
Sansa Stark: I'm not touching you.
Theon/Reek: Please. He'll punish me.
Sansa Stark: You think I care what he does to you?
Narrator: [Sansa strides past Reek, who watches her in shame.]

Dialog #327
Roose Bolton: Who comes before the Old Gods this night?
Theon/Reek: Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown, trueborn and noble. She comes to beg the blessings of the Gods. Who comes to claim her?
Ramsay Bolton: Ramsay of House Bolton, heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell. Who gives her?
Theon/Reek: Theon of House Greyjoy who was...who was her father's ward.
Roose Bolton: Lady Sansa, do you take this man?
Narrator: [After a long pause, Sansa steps forward.]
Sansa Stark: I take this man.

Dialog #328
Ramsay Bolton: My father said you're still a virgin.
Narrator: [Sansa turns her head towards Reek who hangs his head in shame.]
Sansa Stark: Yes.
Ramsay Bolton: Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?
Sansa Stark: Lord-Lord Tyrion was kind. He was gentle. He never touched me.
Ramsay Bolton: You're not lying to me?
Sansa Stark: No, my lord.
Ramsay Bolton: Lying to your husband on his wedding night...that would be a bad way to start a marriage. [He places a hand on Sansa's cheek.] We're man and wife now. We should be honest with each other. Don't you think?
Sansa Stark: Yes.
Narrator: [Ramsay kisses Sansa on the lips.]
Ramsay Bolton: Good. Take off your clothes. [Sansa turns toward Reek, who tries to leave.] Oh no, no, no! You stay here, Reek. You watch! [To Sansa] Do I need to ask a second time? I hate to ask you a second time.
Narrator: [A terrified Sansa walks toward the bed and slowly unties her sleeves. Reek closes the door.]
Ramsay Bolton: Reek, I told you to watch. [Reek lifts his gaze from the floor.] You've known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman.
Narrator: [Sansa has tears in her eyes as Ramsay menacingly approaches and angrily rips open the back of her dress before pushing her facedown onto the bed. Sansa begins to sob as Ramsay continues ripping before unbuckling his clothes and forcing himself onto Sansa, who obediently remains still but cries softly as Reek watches also in tears. A flash of anger briefly spreads across his face.]

Dialog #329
Narrator: [Reek enters Sansa's bedchamber to bring her meal. He finds her lying on the bed with bruises on her arms and body, shivering and sobbing. Reek sets the food on the table and closes one of the windows. Sansa pricks up her head at the sound and sees Theon leaving the room.]
Sansa Stark: Theon wait!
Theon/Reek: Not Theon, milady. Reek.
Sansa Stark: Help me!
Narrator: [Theon turns back to Sansa.]
Theon/Reek: [About Ramsay] You're his wife now.
Sansa Stark: Theon!
Theon/Reek: Do what he says! Do what he says or he'll hurt you!
Sansa Stark: [Shakes her head in tears.] He already hurts me every night! All day I'm locked in this room and every night he comes! It can't be any worse!
Theon/Reek: It can. It can always be worse.
Narrator: [Sansa rises from the bed, revealing the bruises on her left arm, and approaches Theon who backs away from her.]
Sansa Stark: What did he do to you?
Theon/Reek: Please!
Narrator: [Theon tries to leave the room but Sansa grabs him.]
Sansa Stark: You betrayed my family!
Theon/Reek: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Sansa Stark: You have to help me! Theon, help me!
Theon/Reek: He'll see us! You don't know him!
Sansa Stark: My family still has friends in the North. All I need to do is give a signal and they'll rescue me. Climb to the top of the broken tower. Light this candle and put it in the window. Promise me, Theon.
Theon/Reek: Reek! My name is Reek.
Sansa Stark: Your name is Theon Greyjoy. Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands. Do you hear me? Theon, promise me!

Dialog #330
Ramsay Bolton: My beautiful wife. One day I'll be Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. You'll be my Lady and Wardeness.
Sansa Stark: But isn't your stepmother pregnant?
Ramsay Bolton: What of it?
Sansa Stark: What happens if she has a boy?
Ramsay Bolton: Then I'll have a baby brother.
Sansa Stark: But he'll be the heir.
Ramsay Bolton: I'm Lord Bolton's eldest son.
Sansa Stark: But you're a bastard, a trueborn will always have the stronger claim.
Narrator: [Ramsay turns to Sansa coldly.]
Ramsay Bolton: I've been naturalized by a royal decree from...
Sansa Stark: Tommen Baratheon? Another bastard.
Narrator: [Ramsay stares at her incredulously, seething at her consistently reminding him of his precarious claim.]
Ramsay Bolton: Bastards can rise high in the world. Like your half-brother Jon Snow. Born the Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. [Sansa is visibly surprised by this news.] You didn't know? Yes, he's done very well for himself. Oh! I nearly forgot why I asked you to join me. Come, my lady.
Narrator: [Ramsay leads Sansa out to the courtyard where he has displayed the flayed corpse of the elderly maid who approached Sansa earlier about giving a signal in case she ever needed rescue.]
Ramsay Bolton: Your northern friend. [He pulls out the candle she gave Sansa.] Reek told me you wanted to leave. Why? Winterfell is your home, now I am your husband. Tough old bird. Everyone talks when I start peeling them. But this one? Her heart gave out before I even got to her face. [Sansa is in tears.] We do breed tough in the North. [To his men.] Bring my wife back to her chamber. It's far too cold out here for a lady. You should hold on to your candles. The nights are so long now.

Dialog #331
Jon Snow: First Ranger, you have command at Castle Black.
Alliser Thorne: Lord Commander, it is my duty to tell you that I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy, and an insult to all the Brothers who have died fighting the Wildlings. (Ollie watches them)
Jon Snow: As always, thank you for your honesty.

Dialog #332
Samwell Tarly: His name was Aemon Targaryen. He came to us from King's Landing. A Maester of the Citadel, chained and sworn, and sworn Brother of the Night's Watch, ever faithful. No man was wiser, or gentler or kinder. At the Wall, a dozen Lord Commanders came and went during his years of service- but he was always there to counsel them. (pause) He was the blood of the Dragon... but now his fire has gone out. And now his Watch is ended.
Watchmen: And now his Watch is ended. (Sam lights one corner of the pyre, then passes the torch to Thorne, who lights another corner and then leans close to Sam)
Alliser Thorne: (warningly) You're losing all your friends, Tarly.

Dialog #333
Davos Seaworth: Forty horses died in the night- we'll lose more, come sunset. We're runnnin' out of food, we can't open the supply line until the snow clears... (Stannis stares at him impassively)
Stannis Baratheon:...What else?
Davos Seaworth:...The Stormcrows rode off last night.
Stannis Baratheon: (looks away angrily) Five hundred men. (removes the Stormcrow marker from his map) Sellswords- loyal to nothing but gold. (throws away the marker)
Davos Seaworth: We still have a hard march to Winterfell, and we have a hard march in this weather.
Stannis Baratheon: And?
Davos Seaworth: This isn't our time. We should head back to Castle Black, and when the snow clears-
Stannis Baratheon: (sharply) I retreated from King's Landing, Ser Davos. If I retreat again, I become "the King who ran".
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace-
Stannis Baratheon: Winter is coming. Those aren't just the Stark words, that's a fact. If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black- and who can say how many years this winter will last?
Davos Seaworth: It's better to wait for the right time than risk everything-
Stannis Baratheon: This is the right time- and I will risk everything, because if I don't, we've lost. We march to victory, or we march to defeat- but we go forward. Only forward. (turns away. Davos glances at Melisandre, who looks back impassively)
Davos Seaworth: (bows his head)...Your Grace. (leaves)
Stannis Baratheon:...I've trusted in your visions, in your prophecies, for years.
Melisandre: You saw it yourself, my King. When you stared into the flames. A great battle, in the snow-
Stannis Baratheon: (shakes his head) I don't know what I saw-
Melisandre: You do know. Trust yourself.
Stannis Baratheon: And you, do you trust yourself?
Melisandre: I trust in the Lord.
Stannis Baratheon: (shakes his head, glares at her)...Are you sure?
Melisandre: (approaches him) I have seen myself walk along the battlements at Winterfell. I have seen the flayed man banners lowered to the ground. (leans over and knocks over the Bolton map markers. Stannis grasps her arm and leans close to her as she straightens up) But sometimes, sacrifices must be made to ensure victory. I have shown you the power of King's blood- the usurper, Robb Stark, the usurper, Joffrey Baratheon-
Stannis Baratheon: We don't have Robert's bastard here.
Melisandre: No. We have someone better. And your blood runs through her veins. (Stannis looks shocked)
Stannis Baratheon:...Have you lost your mind?
Melisandre: Do you doubt me? Still- after all that you've seen?
Stannis Baratheon: (desperately) There must be another way- leeches, or something-
Melisandre: (takes his face in her hands) There is no other way. You must become King, before the Long Night begins. Only you can lead the Living against the Dead. All your life has led us to this moment- to this decision.
Stannis Baratheon: She's my daughter. (Melisandre strokes his face, and he jerks away, disgusted) Get out.

Dialog #334
Daario Naharis: (in bed with Dany)How long before the King of Meereen comes to warm my pillow?
Daenerys Targaryen: (laughs, strokes his arm) Don't be ridiculous- my marriage to Hizdahr is political, and he's smart enough to understand that.
Daario Naharis:...I think the Sons of the Harpy have stopped killing because their leader has been made King.
Daenerys Targaryen: (running her fingers through his beard)... Are you jealous?
Daario Naharis: (gives her a mock-severe look) Do you think I'm petty enough to speak ill of a man, just because he represents competition?
Daenerys Targaryen: (grins, nods) I do. (they both laugh)
Daario Naharis: You're right. My motivations are entirely impure. (kisses her) Doesn't make me wrong.
Daenerys Targaryen: (as Daario kisses her neck) You told me yourself. I can't fight enemies within and without. So, when enemies without come knocking, I need the city of Meereen behind me. I have no choice.
Daario Naharis:(leans back, looks at her) Everyone has a choice. Even slaves have a choice: death, or slavery.
Daenerys Targaryen: So, what else can I do?
Daario Naharis: Marry me instead.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles) Even if I wanted to do such an inadvisable thing...I couldn't.
Daario Naharis: Why not? You are Queen, you can do what you like.
Daenerys Targaryen: (pause) No. I can't.
Daario Naharis: Then, you are the only person in Meereen who's not free. (he leans back, Dany sits up, looking troubled) I know I'm here to serve my Queen, and not to give advice, but can I make one more suggestion?
Daenerys Targaryen: (turns around, lays down across from him) Of course.
Daario Naharis: On the day of the Great Games... gather all of the Great Masters and Wise Masters and Worthy Masters you can find...and slaughter them all. (Dany stares at him, shocked)
Daenerys Targaryen: I am a Queen- not a butcher.
Daario Naharis: (strokes her hair) All rulers are either butchers... or meat.

Dialog #335
Olenna Tyrell: You there. Where would I find the High Septon or High Sparrow or whatever bloody fool name he's got? (Olenna approaches a crouched man revealed to be the High Sparrow, washing the floor of the Sept of Baelor)
High Sparrow: It's not as good a name as "Queen of Thorns", I'll admit.
Olenna Tyrell: You should have the decency to stand when you speak to a lady.
High Sparrow: You should have the decency to kneel before the Gods.
Olenna Tyrell: Don't spar with me, little fellow.
High Sparrow: (Groans as he rises) For me, it's the knees. You?
Olenna Tyrell: Hips.
High Sparrow: Ah.
Olenna Tyrell: A man of the people. Is that your game? It's an old game. Dull and unconvincing. A man of the people who does Cersei's dirty work for her.
High Sparrow: The people always do the dirty work.
Olenna Tyrell: Spare me the homilies. I can smell a fraud from a mile away.
High Sparrow: Useful talent.
Olenna Tyrell: I'm here for my grandson and granddaughter.
High Sparrow: Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied. The Father judges us all. Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen. If you break his laws, you will be punished. (Begins to walk away, bucket in hand.)
Olenna Tyrell: Don't you walk away from me.
High Sparrow: You don't give commands here, Lady Olenna.
Olenna Tyrell: What is it you want? Gold? I'll make you the richest septon who ever lived.
High Sparrow: (Chuckles and turns back.)
Olenna Tyrell: What, then?
High Sparrow: I imagine this is strange for you. Everyone you meet has a hidden motive and you pride yourself on sniffing it out. But I'm telling you a simple truth. I serve the Gods. The Gods demand justice.
Olenna Tyrell: How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?
High Sparrow: By the holy text, "The Seven-Pointed Star". If you don't have one in your library, I'll give you my own.
Olenna Tyrell: I've read "The Seven-Pointed Star".
High Sparrow: Then you'll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury. Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws.
Olenna Tyrell: Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws. You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists, and yet you punish Loras for shagging some perfumed ponce, and Margaery for defending her brother?
High Sparrow: Yes. The Gods' laws must be applied to all equally.
Olenna Tyrell: If it's equality you want, so be it. When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve. And I'll make sure the hungry know who's to blame.
High Sparrow: (Approaches Olenna) Have you ever sowed the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye. You are the few, we are the many. (Walks away slowly and then turns back.) And when the many stop fearing the few... (Exits)

Dialog #336
Petyr Baelish: (meeting with Olenna Tyrell in one of his whorehouses, now emptied and marked by the Faith Militant) I'm sorry about the locale.
Olenna Tyrell: No, you're not.
Petyr Baelish: It felt like the safest place.
Olenna Tyrell: (sarcastic) Not for your clientele, clearly.
Petyr Baelish: It was an establishment like no other. The sheer range of appetites catered to, desires that didn't even exist until we invented them.
Olenna Tyrell: You've always been rather impressed with yourself, haven't you?
Petyr Baelish: The past is the past. The future is all that's worth discussing. The future of House Tyrell.
Olenna Tyrell: Don't pretend to have any concern for my House, my grandchildren, or me. I should have known you'd return to the capital as soon as things started to go wrong.
Petyr Baelish: I promise you --
Olenna Tyrell: I promise you, Lord Baelish, that our fates are joined. Together, we murdered a King. If my House should fall, I will have nothing to hide. And if I should meet with some "accident" here at your broken little flesh-market, they'll never even find what's left of you. So, do you deny a part in all this?
Petyr Baelish: Cersei summoned me to King's Landing. I dared not refuse her.
Olenna Tyrell: And what does she want?
Petyr Baelish: A piece of information she knew that I had. Neither silence nor lies were an option. But I have other information, of which she is unaware. As you say, our interests are aligned. I have a gift for you.
Olenna Tyrell: What kind of "gift"?
Petyr Baelish: The same kind I gave Cersei...a handsome young man.

Dialog #337
Bronn: "Brothers, oh Brothers, my days here are done/ the Dornishman's taken my life/ But what does it matter, for all men must die/ and I've tasted the Dornishman's wife/ I have, I've tasted the Dornishman's wife!"
Narrator: [Tyene claps from the cell next door, then glances at her sisters, who look disgusted]
Tyene Sand: He's got a good voice.
Nymeria Sand: (sarcastically) We're lucky he's a singer. If he were a fighter, we might have been in trouble.
Bronn: It's against my code to hurt a woman-
Obara Sand: It's amazing, how many men we've beaten seem to have this code.
Bronn: I wouldn't say you beat me.
Tyene Sand: (smiles) How's your arm?
Bronn: Wonderful! (examines where Tyene cut him) Wouldn't feel right to leave Dorne without a new scar.
Obara Sand: (smirks) You think you're leaving Dorne?
Bronn: No great hurry- Dornish women are the most beautiful women in the world.
Tyene Sand: Thank you.
Bronn: I said Dornish women- I didn't say you. (Tyene stands up and walks to the bars)
Tyene Sand:...I'm not the most beautiful woman you've ever seen? (Obara rolls her eyes)
Bronn: I've seen quite a few women in all the Seven Kingdoms.
Tyene Sand: (smiles seductively through the bars) Name one more beautiful than I am.
Bronn: (stands up, approaches the bars) Well, now- In King's Landing, there was an absolutely gorgeous...(he notices Tyene exposing her breasts and breaks off)
Tyene Sand: (grins) There was a what? (Nymeria rolls her eyes) In King's Landing, you were saying.
Bronn: Was I?
Tyene Sand: There was a woman more beautiful than I am. (begins undoing the rest of her dress as Bronn stares at her)
Bronn: Was there? My memory's not what it was earlier.
Tyene Sand:...How's your arm now?
Bronn: You seem concerned with it- you must really like me. (Tyene giggles as she undoes her belt)
Tyene Sand: And how about... your head? (opens her dress to expose herself entirely)
Bronn:...My head? My head. You don't even wanna know what's- going on- (his vision begins to blur and he staggers back, sweating)
Tyene Sand: (feigning concern) Your nose is bleeding.
Bronn: (wipes it away as he leans against the wall) It's nothing- it's the dry air-
Narrator: [ He slides down to the floor, short of breath. Tyene's sisters have stood up and are watching him smugly from behind her]
Tyene Sand: (grins) My dagger was coated with a special ointment from Asshai. They call it the Long Farewell- it takes time to work. But, if a single drop makes contact with the skin: death. (removes an ampule from her necklace) The only antidote. (Bronn reaches for it, gasping, but Tyene doesn't give it to him) Who's the most beautiful woman in the world? (Bronn continues to struggle) Sorry? Who?
Bronn:...You.
Tyene Sand: Don't drop it.
Narrator: [she tosses it to Bronn, who grabs it and drinks it. Tyene ties her dress back into place as her sisters walk away]
Tyene Sand: I think you're very handsome as well.

Dialog #338
Narrator: [Jorah Mormont has just won a battle in the fighting pit of Meereen; he removes his helmet in front of Dany, who stares at him in shock]
Daenerys Targaryen: Get him out of my sight.
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi, please- I just need a moment of your time- (two guards seize him and start to drag him away) I've brought you a gift!
Tyrion Lannister: (enters the pit) It's true! He has. (Jorah's guards pause as Dany stares at Tyrion)
Daenerys Targaryen: Who are you?
Tyrion Lannister: (holds up his shackled wrists) I am the gift. It's a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. (pause) My name is Tyrion Lannister.

Dialog #339
High Sparrow: (discussing the chapel beneath the Sept of Baelor) The people who built this place didn't inflict their vanity on those who came after them, the way Baelor did with that great gelded monstrosity up there. (Cersei chuckles) Their faith was clean. (pause) Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars- and this is what remains. (pats the altar) Something... simple. Solid- and true. (glances up at Cersei, smiles) The Tyrells' finery will be stripped away- their lies knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see (Cersei smiles smugly) And, so it will be for all of us- high and low alike. (stares at her, ominous pause) What will we find... when we strip away your finery? (Cersei's smile vanishes) A young man came to us, not long ago- broken in body and spirit. He had so much to strip away- so much weighing him down. But, piece by piece, he unburdened himself. Let go of pride, vanity, sin. Now, his soul is so light, he will float through the Seven Heavens like a bird (Cersei feigns a smile as the High Sparrow glares at her)... and he has much to say about you.
Narrator: [Lancel Lannister, Cersei's cousin and former lover, steps into the room in the uniform of the Faith Militant. Cersei starts to exit, but the door opens and she is blocked by a tall Septa]
Cersei Lannister: Move. (she tries to force her way past, and the Septa grabs her) Let me go, immediately. (the Septa starts to drag her out, Cersei yells at the High Sparrow) You will order her to let me go! I am the Queen! I am the Queen, have you lost your mind?! Let me go- (the door closes on her as she is dragged into a nearby cell and thrown in by the Septa) Look at me! (Cersei addresses the Septa) Look at my face. It's the last thing you'll see before you die. (the Septa slams the cell door shut)

Dialog #340
Jorah Mormont: Your Grace, I want to say...
Daenerys Targaryen: You will not speak! [to Tyrion] How do I know you are who you say you are?
Tyrion Lannister: If only I were otherwise!
Daenerys Targaryen: If you are Tyrion Lannister, why shouldn't I kill you to pay your family back, for what it did to mine?
Tyrion Lannister: You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother, Joanna Lannister, on the day I was born! I killed my father, Tywin Lannister, with a bolt to the heart! I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time!
Daenerys Targaryen: So, I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?
Tyrion Lannister: Into your service? Your Grace, we have only just met. It's too soon to know if you deserve my service.
Daenerys Targaryen: If you'd rather return to the Fighting Pits, just say the word.
Tyrion Lannister: When I was a young man, I heard a story about a baby, born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army. Only a name, and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who'd been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord who lived on the edge of the world, and that... appeared to be that. (pause) And then, a few years later, a most well-informed person I knew, told me that this girl without wealth, lands or armies had somehow acquired all three, in a very short span of time. Along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance, to build a better world. Thought you were worth meeting, at the very least.
Daenerys Targaryen: And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you cannot build a better world, on your own. You have no one at your side who understands the land you want to rule. The strengths and weaknesses of the Houses, that will either join or oppose you
Daenerys Targaryen: I will have a very large army and very large dragons.
Tyrion Lannister: Killing and politics aren't always the same thing! When I served as Hand of the King, I did quite well with the latter, considering the King in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name, if that is indeed what you are.
Daenerys Targaryen: So, you want to advise me? Very well. [About Jorah] What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him, if he ever returned.
Tyrion Lannister: I know.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why should the people trust a Queen who can't keep her own promises?
Tyrion Lannister: Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I can't remember seeing a sane man as devoted to anything, as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you, and die for you, and nothing I have ever witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet, he did betray you.
Narrator: [Tyrion tries to step forward again, but the Unsullied extend their spears; Dany raises her hand to stop them, and Tyrion continues to approach her]
Tyrion Lannister: Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayal?
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes! many opportunities!
Tyrion Lannister: And did he?
Daenerys Targaryen: No! Until forced to do so!
Tyrion Lannister: He worships you. He is in love with you, I think. But he did not trust you with the truth. An unpleasant truth, to be sure, but one of great significance to you. He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him.
Daenerys Targaryen:So I should kill him?
Tyrion Lannister: A ruler who kills those devoted to her, is not a ruler who inspires devotion. You're going to need to inspire devotion. A lot of it if you're ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But, you cannot have him by your side when you do.
Daenerys Targaryen: Remove Ser Jorah from the city.

Dialog #341
Sansa Stark: Why? Why Theon?
Theon/Reek: Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek!
Sansa Stark: [seething] Reek. Why did you tell him, Reek?
Theon/Reek: I was helping you. You wanted to escape. There is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him. He caught him, strapped him to a cross, cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left.
Sansa Stark: Good. If it weren't for you, I'd still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did right here, right now, I would.
Theon/Reek: I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb...captured Winterfell...killed those boys.
Sansa Stark: [Rising from her chair.] They weren't "those boys", they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers. You've known them since they were born!
Theon/Reek: They weren't! They were only...
Sansa Stark: Only what?
Theon/Reek: I can't!
Sansa Stark: Tell me!
Theon/Reek: I can't! Not unless the master says...
Sansa Stark: Tell me! They weren't what?
Theon/Reek: They were only...
Sansa Stark: Tell me WHY Bran and Rickon should be gone while YOU still breath the air! [Grabs Theon by the face and shakes his head.] TELL IT TO MY FACE, THEON! TELL ME THAT THEY WEREN'T YOUR BROTHERS!
Theon/Reek: THEY WEREN'T BRAN AND RICKON! [Pause] I couldn't find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know.
Narrator: [Sansa releases Theon.]
Sansa Stark: You didn't?
Narrator: [Theon shakes his head.]
Sansa Stark: Do you know where they went? Bran and Rickon?
Theon/Reek: I can't talk to you anymore.
Sansa Stark: Theon, you have to tell me. Do you have any idea where...
Theon/Reek: Not Theon! Reek!

Dialog #342
Bolton man: [About Stannis] Our scouts tell us he's got no more than 6,000 men. More than half of those are mounted however.
Roose Bolton: And how high do Stannis's horses jump? Our walls have been fully repaired. The gates have been reinforced. We have enough food for six months. We are more prepared for a siege than they could ever be. All we have to do is wait for them to freeze, starve, and mutiny.
Narrator: [Roose notices his son Ramsay frowning.]
Roose Bolton: You disagree?
Ramsay Bolton: Stannis isn't from the North. You are, father. I think you're missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders.
Roose Bolton: And what do you recommend?
Ramsay Bolton: That we not sit and wait for Stannis to decide what sort of fight this is going to be. That we hit fast, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows.
Roose Bolton: A smart commander does not abandon a defensive advantage. As long as we stay behind these walls, they can't touch us. Not to mention the snow is so deep, we couldn't get an army through to engage them even if we wanted to.
Ramsay Bolton: I don't need an army. I need 20 good men.

Dialog #343
Daenerys Targaryen: So, have you decided yet? Whether I'm worthy of your service?
Tyrion Lannister: (as he pours wine) Have you decided yet whether you're going to have me killed?
Daenerys Targaryen: It's probably my safest option.
Tyrion Lannister: I can see why you would think so. It's what your father would have done. (drinks)
Daenerys Targaryen: And what would your father have done?
Tyrion Lannister: (bitterly) My father, who publicly sentenced me to death? I'd say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.
Daenerys Targaryen: Is that why you killed him?
Tyrion Lannister: (drinks) Someday, if you decide not to execute me...I'll tell you all about why I killed my father. And, on that day, should it ever come...we'll need more wine than this. (drinks)
Daenerys Targaryen: (picks up her goblet)...I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name. (drinks)
Tyrion Lannister: (pause) So, here we sit: two terrible children, of two terrible fathers!
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) I'm terrible?
Tyrion Lannister: (meets her eye) I've heard stories.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why did you travel to the far side of the world to meet someone terrible?
Tyrion Lannister: To see if you were the right kind of terrible.
Daenerys Targaryen: Which kind is that?
Tyrion Lannister: The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.
Daenerys Targaryen: (bitterly) ...Well, I did re-open the Fighting Pits. Under my rule, murder will once again become entertainment.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathe for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed, as well. Though, not by choice, and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.
Daenerys Targaryen: (pause) Perhaps it won't come to that.
Tyrion Lannister: (looks at her with respect, sighing) It's not impossible that Varys was right about you, after all. (drinks)
Daenerys Targaryen: Varys? King Robert's spymaster?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes. He's the one who convinced me to come find you. He was my traveling companion, before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself-
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For twenty years, the Spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me-
Tyrion Lannister: (firmly) He did what he had to do to survive; he did a lot of other things as well, things he didn't have to do. (Dany looks surprised) I suspect he's the main reason you weren't slaughtered in your crib.
Daenerys Targaryen: But you trust him?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, oddly. He may be the only person in the world I trust, except my brother. (drinks)
Daenerys Targaryen: The brother who killed my father?
Tyrion: (refills his empty cup) That's the one.
Daenerys Targaryen: (flatly) Perhaps I will have you killed, after all.
Tyrion Lannister: (sarcastically) Your Queenly prerogative. (leans back in his chair) I'd given up on life- until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? (shrugs) Well...my final days were interesting (drinks)
Daenerys Targaryen: (measured pause, looking at Tyrion thoughtfully) I'm not going to kill you.
Tyrion Lannister: (glances up at her) No? Banish me?
Daenerys Targaryen: No.
Tyrion Lannister: So, if I'm not going to be murdered and I'm not going to be banished-
Daenerys Targaryen: You're going to advise me. (leans forward and takes the goblet away from Tyrion) While you can still speak in complete sentences.
Tyrion Lannister: (straightens up, scratches his chin) Advise you on what?
Daenerys Targaryen: How to get what I want.
Tyrion Lannister: The Iron Throne. (pause) Perhaps you should try wanting something else.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sharply) If I want jokes, I'll get myself a proper fool.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not entirely joking. There's more to the world than Westeros, after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better, here? (Dany stands up impatiently and walks around the table) Perhaps this is where you belong, where you can do the most good!
Daenerys Targaryen: I fought, so that no child born into Slaver's Bay would ever know what it meant to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here, and beyond. But, this is not my home.
Tyrion Lannister: When you get back to your "home", who supports you?
Daenerys Targaryen: The common people.
Tyrion Lannister: (skeptically) Let's be generous, and assume that's going to happen. Here, in Slaver's Bay, you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like? Ruling, without the rich? (Dany turns away) House Targaryen is gone. Not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you! The Starks are gone, as well; our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining members of House Lannister will never back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon won't back you, either; his entire claim to the throne rests on the illegitimacy of yours! That leaves the Tyrells: not impossible, not enough.
Daenerys Targaryen: Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell: they're all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that one's on top, and on and on it spins, crushing those on the ground.
Tyrion Lannister: (ruefully) It's a beautiful dream: stopping the wheel. You're not the first person who's ever dreamt it.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not going to stop the wheel. I'm going to break the wheel.

Dialog #344
Jon Snow:[addressing wildling leaders at Hardhome] We're not friends. We've never been friends, we won't become friends today. This isn't about friendship, this is about survival. This is about putting a seven-hundred foot wall between you and what's out there.
Karsi: You built that wall to keep us out.
Loboda: Since when did the crows give two shits if we live?
Jon Snow: In normal times, we wouldn't...but these aren't normal times. The White Walkers don't care if a man's Free Folk or Crow - we're all the same to them, meat for their army. But together, we can beat them.
Karsi: [scoffs] Beat the White Walkers?! Good luck with that. Run from them, maybe.
Jon Snow: [hands over a satchel filled with dragonglass weapons] It's not a trick, it's a gift for those who join us. Dragonglass. A man of the Night's Watch used one of these daggers to kill a Walker.
Loboda: You saw this?
Jon Snow: No, but I trust the man.
Karsi: There are old stories about dragonglass...
Loboda: [skeptical] There are old stories about ice spiders big as hounds...!
Karsi: And with the things we've seen, you don't believe them?
Jon Snow: Come with me and I will share these weapons with you.
Karsi: Come with you where?
Jon Snow: There are good lands south of the Wall; the Night's Watch will let you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands. I knew Mance Rayder; he never wanted a war with the Night's Watch, he wanted a new life for his people, for you. We're prepared to give you that new life.
Karsi: If...?
Jon Snow: If you swear you'll join us when the real war begins.
Loboda: Where is Mance?
Jon Snow: He died.
Loboda: How?
Jon Snow: I put an arrow through his heart. [The wildling leaders angrily go for their weapons and advance on Jon; Tormund puts himself between them]
Loboda: I say we send the Lord Commander back to Castle Black...with no eyes! [Loboda draws a knife and advances, but Tormund shoves him back]
Tormund: None of you saw Mance die. I did. The southern king who broke our army, Stannis, wanted to burn him alive to send us a message. Jon Snow defied that cunt's orders. His arrow was mercy. What he did took courage, and that's what we need today: the courage to make peace with men we've been killing for generations.
Karsi: I lost my father, my uncle and two brothers fighting the damn crows!
Jon Snow: I'm not asking you to forget your dead! I'll never forget mine! I lost fifty brothers the night Mance attacked the Wall...but I'm asking you to think about your children now. They'll never have children of their own if we don't band together. The long night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them, the Free Folk can't stop them, the Night's Watch can't stop them and all the southern kings can't stop them! Only together, all of us - and even then it might not be enough, but at least we'll give the fuckers a fight! [the wildlings mull over his words]
Karsi: You vouch for this man, Tormund?
Tormund: He's prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight. He's young, but he knows how to lead. He didn't have to come to Hardhome; he came because he needs us, and we need him.
Loboda: My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow!
Karsi: So would mine, but fuck them, they're dead. I'll never trust a man in black...but I trust you, Tormund. If you say this is the way, we're with you.
Tormund: This is the way.
Chieftain: I'm with you; we stay here, we're dead men. At least with King Crow, we have a chance.
Giant: Tormund.
Loboda: Keep that new life you want to give us, and keep your glass, King Crow. Soon as you get on their ships, they're going to slit your throats and dump your bodies to the bottom of the Shivering Sea. That's our enemy; that has always been our enemy. [Loboda and a number of other wildlings storm out]
Karsi: I fucking hate Thenns. [Tormund nods in agreement]

Dialog #345
Davos Seaworth: You sent for me, Your Grace?
Stannis Baratheon: Find some healthy horses and a few knights to guard you- I'm sending you back to Castle Black. Tell the Lord Commander his King commands him to send food, supplies, fresh horses- in return, when I take the Throne, I'll make sure the Night's Watch has all the men it requires. He can guard all nineteen castles on the Wall, if he so wishes.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, you named me your Hand.
Stannis Baratheon: Yes.
Davos Seaworth: The King's Hand should never abandon the King, especially in times of war.
Stannis Baratheon: You're not abandoning me, you're obeying a command.
Davos Seaworth: A boy with a scroll could deliver this message-
Stannis Baratheon: And, if Jon Snow refuses the boy with the scroll, what does the boy say? I didn't name you hand for your expertise in military matters- ride for Castle Black, and don't come back empty-handed.
Davos Seaworth: (suspecting what Stannis is going to do) Your Grace, perhaps Queen Selyse and Princess Shireen could accompany me-
Stannis Baratheon: My family stays with me.
Davos Seaworth: At least let me take Shireen! The siege is no place for a little girl.
Stannis Baratheon: My family stays with me. (Davos pauses, defeated, then bows and leaves)

Dialog #346
Narrator: [Jaime is escorted into the palace of Sunspear by Areo Hotah; Doran, Myrcella, Ellaria and Trystane are already there, drinking Dornish wine]
Jaime Lannister: Prince Doran.
Doran Martell: Forgive us, we started without you. (Jaime nods politely to him and Ellaria; Ellaria glares at him) Please- sit.
Jaime Lannister: Princess Myrcella.
Myrcella Baratheon: Uncle.
Jaime Lannister: What a lovely dress.
Myrcella Baratheon: You don't like it?
Jaime Lannister: You must be cold.
Myrcella Baratheon: Not at all. The Dornish climate agrees with me.
Jaime Lannister: Prince Trystane. How's your jaw?
Trystane Martell: A flea-bite.
Ellaria Sand: What are you doing in Dorne?
Jaime Lannister: Looking after the safety of my niece, the Princess Myrcella.
Doran Martell: And, rather than send a raven or speak to me directly, you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force.
Jaime Lannister: We received a threatening message. The Princess's necklace, in the jaws of a viper.
Myrcella Baratheon: That necklace was stolen from my room. (Doran glances sharply from her to Ellaria, who looks indifferent)
Jaime Lannister: Ah, excellent. A last meal, before the beheading?
Doran Martell: Oh, I can't behead you. (Ellaria stares at him in disbelief) Many in Dorne want war but I've seen war. I've seen the bodies piled on the battlefields (glares at Ellaria) I've seen the orphans starving in the cities. I don't want to lead my people into that Hell.
Ellaria Sand: No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters.
Doran Martell: And that is precisely what we're doing. (raises his cup) Let us drink to Tommen, the First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms! (they all drink except Ellaria, who deliberately tilts her cup over, spilling wine over the floor.) King Tommen insists on his sister's return to the Capital. (Myrcella looks at Jaime angrily)
Jaime Lannister: I'm afraid he does.
Doran Martell: I cannot disobey my King's command. (Ellaria glares at him) She will return with you, to King's Landing- and my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. (Myrcella looks relieved, Doran gives Jaime a direct look) If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue their engagement must stand.
Jaime Lannister: (shrugs) I accept. (Myrcella smiles and leans her head on Trystane's shoulder)
Doran Martell: One more thing. My brother was named to the Small Council before his... death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the fold. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the Small Council. (Ellaria glances back and forth between them)
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Ellaria Sand: The word of a Kingslayer! (stands up, walks to Doran) No wonder you can't stand, you have no spine! (she turns away, but Doran grabs her wrist hard)
Doran Martell: (coldly) You are mother of four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long and happy life. Speak to me that way again, and you won't. (releases her, Ellaria storms off)
Jaime Lannister: May I inquire as to the fate of my man, Bronn?
Doran Martell: Tell me, Ser Jaime- In King's Landing, how do they punish a commoner who strikes a Prince?
Jaime Lannister: He said it was just a flea-bite. (Doran stares at him impassively) The fault is mine. Bronn is merely a soldier, following my orders. If anyone should be punished, it's me.
Doran Martell: Prince Trystane must learn judgment, if he's to rule one day. I'll let him decide. (He, Myrcella and Jaime all look at Trystane)
Trystane Martell: I have learned the value of mercy from my father. I'll set your man free.
Jaime Lannister: You're a good man.
Trystane Martell: On one condition.

Dialog #347
Narrator: [Nymeria and Tyene play a game in which Nym slaps Tyene's hands before she can move them; Obara tries to sleep, while Bronn listens from the next cell. All the while, Tyene looks increasingly angry]
Nymeria Sand: Why do we play? (smirks, slaps Tyene's hands again) I'm better than you, I'll always- (slaps again) be better than you. When have I lost? (slaps again) Once? I don't think I have, I can't (slaps again) recall. You must love humiliation (slaps again) Or pain. (slaps again) Which do you love most, humiliation or- (slaps again) pain? (winces mockingly) That one hurt, didn't it? (slaps again) You going to cry? (slaps again, twice) Give up, little sister. (slaps again)
Tyene Sand: You're going to miss.
Nymeria Sand: Oh, I never (slaps again) miss.
Tyene Sand: (smiles) You will. (Nym slaps her hands again) You're thinking too much. (Nym suddenly looks disconcerted, Tyene grins) Now you're nervous- 'what if she's right?' (Nym swings at her hands again, but this time Tyene moves them away first)
Nymeria Sand: (smirks) Luck.
Tyene Sand: (grinning) Now it's my turn.
Nymeria Sand: You're too slow. You've always been too slow.
Narrator: [Nym rubs her hands together and puts them in front of her. She kisses the air in Tyene's direction mockingly. Tyene swings- and slaps her sister hard across the face. Tyene returns the kiss, but as Nym advances on her angrily, they are interrupted by Areo Hotah arriving outside their cells. He has the guard open Bronn's cell, to Bronn's surprise]
Bronn: (comes to the entrance of his cell) Am I gonna be happy at the end of this walk?
Areo Hotah: (coldly) You'll find out very soon. (Bronn shrugs and follows him out, Tyene leans towards him through the bars)
Tyene Sand: Say it one more time, handsome. Who am I?
Bronn: The most beautiful woman in the world. (exits with Areo)
Tyene Sand: And that's the truth! (giggles)
Obara Sand: (rolls over) Slut.

Dialog #348
Ellaria Sand: (comes upon Jaime writing a letter and smiles at his bad penmanship) You write like a seven-year-old.
Jaime Lannister: My maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
Ellaria Sand: He didn't try to make you pay? (Jaime shakes his head) Maybe he's changed. (pause, walks to the window) The Queen will be thrilled to know you're bringing her daughter home.
Jaime Lannister: She will.
Ellaria Sand: You love her very much, don't you?.
Jaime Lannister: Of course! She's my niece.
Ellaria Sand: (turns around) I wasn't talking about her. (Jaime looks up sharply) You think I disapprove? Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me, where you are from. Here no one blinked an eye. (shrugs) A hundred years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you- if you'd been named Targaryen. (pause) It's always changing- who we're supposed to love and who we're not. The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want. (Jaime stares at her, she approaches him) I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened, to the man I loved. Perhaps, even you are innocent of that.

Dialog #349
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (notices Tyrion's look of disapproval) You don't approve?
Tyrion Lannister: There's always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Fair enough. Yet it's an unpleasant question, but what great thing has ever been accomplished without killing or cruelty?
Tyrion Lannister: It's easy to confuse what is with what ought to be, especially when what is has worked out in your favor.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: I'm not talking about myself. I'm talking about the necessary conditions for greatness.
Daenerys Targaryen: (noting a slain fighter's headless corpse being dragged away) That is greatness?
Hizdahr zo Loraq: That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen, which existed long before you or I and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt.
Tyrion Lannister: My father would have liked you.

Dialog #350
Daenerys Targaryen: One day your great city will return to the dirt as well.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: At your command?
Daenerys Targaryen: If need be.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: And how many people will die to make this happen?
Daenerys Targaryen: If it comes to that, they will have died for a good reason.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (indicates the fighters in the pit) Those men think they're dying for a good reason.
Daenerys Targaryen: Someone else's reason.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: So your reasons are true and theirs are false? They don't know their own minds but you do?
Tyrion Lannister: Well said. You're an eloquent man. Doesn't mean you're wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles. (Dany and Hizdahr glance at him, Tyrion smiles at her slightly. Dany turns back to the next group of pit-fighters- and sees Jorah among them, staring back at her)
Jorah Mormont: (in Valyrian) I will fight and die for your glory, O glorious Queen.

Dialog #351
Hizdahr zo Loraq: (glances at Dany)... Your Grace-
Daario Naharis: Shut your mouth.(Hizdahr falls silent)

Dialog #352
Narrator: [Stannis, wounded in the Battle of Winterfell, collapses against a tree in the forests outside Winterfell. Looking up, he sees Brienne standing over him.]
Stannis Baratheon: (disdainful) Bolton has women fighting for him?
Brienne: I don't fight for the Boltons. I'm Brienne of Tarth. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face. (Stannis sighes bitterly at the memory) You murdered him with blood magic?
Stannis Baratheon: I did. (Brienne advances on him and draws Oathkeeper)
Brienne: In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of His Name, rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die. (pause, Stannis looks away) Do you have any last words?
Stannis Baratheon: (clearly resigned to his fate, having lost everything) Go on, do your duty. (after a pause, Brienne raises Oathkeeper and swings)

Dialog #353
Narrator: [Myranda holds Sansa Stark at bay with a bow and arrow to prevent her escape from Winterfell, Reek is standing right beside her.]
Myranda: My lady. I've come to escort you back to your chamber.
Theon Greyjoy/Reek: Go with her, please.
Sansa Stark: I know what Ramsay is. I know what he'll do to me. If I'm going to die, let it happen while there's still some of me left.
Myranda: Die? Who said anything about dying? You can't die. Your father was Warden of the North. Ramsay needs you. Though I suppose he doesn't need all of you. Just the parts he'll use to make his heir, until you've given him a boy or two and he's finished using them. Then he's got incredible plans for those parts. So, shall we wait for him to come back or should we begin now? You're leaving it to me? Good. Let's begin.
Narrator: [Theon grabs Myranda by the waist as she fires her first arrow, making her miss Sansa.]
Myranda: Reek-- stop! Stop!
Narrator: [He pushes her off the catwalk, making her scream one last time before she hits the ground, which instantly kills her. Theon and Sansa stare down at her body and then turn their heads at the sound of a horn.]
Guard: Open the gate!
Narrator: [The gate opens and the Boltons reenter Winterfell.]
Theon Greyjoy: He's coming back.
Narrator: [Theon takes Sansa's hand and leads her to the nearest balcony. He surveys the snow below and motions for Sansa to take his hand, which she does, and together they jump.]

Dialog #354
Narrator: [As Arya returns the face she stole from the Hall of Faces, she is confronted by Jaqen and the Waif.]
Jaqen H'ghar: (sharply) A girl has taken a life. The wrong life.
The Waif: I was right about her. (steps towards Arya, smirking)
Jaqen H'ghar: You were.
The Waif: (stops in front of Arya) You're not ready. Not at all. (suddenly, she grabs Arya and pulls her towards Jaqen, pinning her arms behind her back)
Jaqen H'ghar: That man's life was not yours to take. A girl stole from the Many-Faced God. Now a debt is owed. (holds up a vial of poison from the Pool and removes the cork; horrified, Arya struggles as the Waif grabs her jaw and forces her closer) Only death can pay for life.
Narrator: [Jaqen lifts the vial- and drinks it himself. The Waif releases Arya, who stares up at Jaqen in horror as he collapses to the ground.]
Arya Stark: No! No! [kneels next to Jaqen and shakes his shoulders] No, you-- don't die! Don't die! [Seeing that Jaqen is already dead, she breaks down into tears]
The Waif: Why are you crying?
Arya Stark: He was my friend.
The Waif: No, he wasn't. Didn't you listen to him? [her voice changes to that of Jaqen] He was no one. [Arya spins around in shock to discover Jaqen, who had been using the Waif's face]
Arya Stark: But if you're-- [she looks down at the dead Faceless Man with Jaqen's face] who's this?
Jaqen H'ghar: No one at all. Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the Hall. [Arya, stunned, removes Jaqen's face from the dead man to reveal the face of an old woman.]) The faces are for no one. [Arya pulls off the old woman's face to reveal a young man's face beneath.] You are still someone. [Frantic, Arya removes several faces from the dead man, one after another.] And to someone, the faces are as good as poison. [Arya pulls off yet another face and sees her own face, horrifying her)
Arya Stark: I can't see. [Jaqen stares down at her impassively as her eyes turn white and blind] What's happening? What's happening?!

Dialog #355
Jaime Lannister: (about Myrcella's Lannister pendant) Try not to lose it this time.
Myrcella Baratheon: I'll never take it off again.
Jaime Lannister: (sympathetically) I know you didn't want to leave Dorne, but I'm glad you're coming home. Your mother's desperate to see you. (Myrcella smiles slightly) I'm glad Trystane's coming with us. He seems like a nice boy. (shakes his head) You're lucky. Arranged marriages are rarely so-- so well arranged. (smiles at her)
Myrcella Baratheon: Do you think Mother will like him?
Jaime Lannister: (frowns, carefully)... If she sees you're happy, I'm sure she will.
Myrcella Baratheon: (laughs sadly) You really believe that?
Jaime Lannister: (shakes his head, smiles) Have you ever known your mother to like anyone aside from her children?
Myrcella Baratheon: She likes you.
Jaime Lannister: (pause) I'm not so sure about that. (looks away) Listen... (sits down) there's something I wanted to tell you. Something I should have told you long ago. So... now that you've seen more of the world, you've learned how complicated things can be, people can be. The Lannisters and the Martells have hated each other for years, but you've fallen in love with Trystane. (he and Myrcella both smile) It was an accident, really. I mean, what were the chances? You happen to fall in love with the man you were assigned to marry? (Myrcella chuckles) My point is... we don't choose whom we love. It just, well-- it's beyond our control. I sound like an idiot.
Myrcella Baratheon: No, you don't.
Jaime Lannister: (stands up) What I'm trying to say-- what I'm trying and failing to say--
Myrcella Baratehon: I know what you're trying to say.
Jaime Lannister: No, I'm afraid you don't.
Myrcella Baratheon: I do. (She stands up and takes Jaime's remaining organic hand.) I know. About you and Mother. (Jaime looks shocked) I think a part of me always knew. And I’m glad. I’m glad that you’re my father.
Narrator: [Myrcella and Jaime share a loving embrace, and Myrcella gazes at her father with a smile, but then her smile fades and her nose starts to bleed- having been poisoned through the kiss Ellaria Sand gave her at her departure.]
Jaime Lannister: Myrcella? Myrcella?
Narrator: [Myrcella does not reply as she starts to convulse and collapse; Jaime catches his daughter.]
Jaime Lannister: Myrcella? Myrcella?

Dialog #356
Narrator: [Tyrion, Jorah and Daario sit in Dany's throne room in the Great Pyramid after she and Drogon disappeared]
Tyrion Lannister:... You love her, don't you? How could you not? (pause) Of course, it's hopeless, for the both of you- a sellsword from the fighting pits and a disgraced knight. Neither one of you is fit consort for a Queen (Daario looks at him, irritated) But... we always want the wrong woman.
Daario Naharis: (to Jorah)... Does he always talk so much? (Jorah nods)
Grey Worm: (enters with Missandei, still weak from his wounds) Jorah the Andal.
Jorah Mormont: Torgo Nudho.
Grey Worm: You should not be here.
Daario Naharis: No, but he is.
Grey Worm: Our Queen ordered him exiled from city-
Daario Naharis: Our Queen would be dead, if not for him.
Missandei: (speaking Valyrian, to Grey Worm) It's true. And I would be dead, if not for the (glances at Tyrion)... little man.
Tyrion Lannister: (smiles, speaking Valyrian) Dwarf. I believe that's the word. Apologies- my Valyrian is a bit nostril.
Missandei: (smiles, replies in Valyrian) A bit rusty.
Tyrion Lannister: Rusty. (in the Common Tongue) Thank you.
Grey Worm: (bows his head) I am sorry. Sorry I not there to fight for our Queen.
Daario Naharis: You missed a good scrap.
Jorah Mormont: None of that matters now! (stands up) the longer we sit here bantering, the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness!
Tyrion Lannister: He's right. The dragon headed north- if we're going to find her, that's where we'll have to go. (stands up)
Jorah Mormont: "We?" You're a Lannister. The Queen intends to remove your family from power-
Tyrion Lannister: And I intend to help her do it!
Jorah Mormont: You've been here for how many days, now? I fought for her for years- since she was little more than a child.
Tyrion Lannister: (angrily) You betrayed her!
Jorah Mormont: (coldly) Careful, now-
Tyrion Lannister: And she exiled you- twice, I believe!
Jorah Mormont: The second time, thanks to you!
Tyrion Lannister: DON'T blame me for your crimes, Mormont!
Daario Naharis: He's right (gestures to Tyrion) Our Queen exiled Jorah- and he's right (gestures to Jorah) Jorah saved her life. Perhaps she feels differently about him now- perhaps not. The only way we'll know is if we ask her.
Tyrion Lannister: Fine- fine. I suppose he can join us- just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep!
Jorah Mormont: (coldly) If I ever kill you, your eyes will be wide open.
Daario Naharis: (to Tyrion) Forgive me, but- why would we bring you?
Tyrion Lannister:... Pardon me?
Daario Naharis: Have you ever- tracked animals in the wilderness?
Tyrion Lannister: Not precisely, but I have other skills that would be very usef-
Daario Naharis: (nods) Can you fight?
Tyrion Lannister: (pause, irritably) I have fought. I don't claim to be a great warrior.
Daario Naharis: Are you... good on a horse?
Tyrion Lannister: Midling!
Daario Naharis:... So, mainly you talk.
Tyrion Lannister: (rolls his eyes, nods) And drink. (defensively) I've survived, so far!
Daario Naharis: Which I respect- but you would not help us on this expedition. (glances around, then back at Tyrion) You would help us here, in Meereen, though. (glances around) None of us have experienced governing a city- except for him. You want to prove your value to the Queen? Prove it right here, in Meereen.
Jorah Mormont: He's a foreign dwarf who barely speaks the language- why would the Meereenese listen to him?
Daario Naharis: They wouldn't. (glances at Grey Worm) They will listen to Grey Worm.
Grey Worm: (steps forward) I'll come with you. I'll find our Queen.
Missandei: (puts her hand on his arm) You are not strong enough to go anywhere-
Grey Worm: (sharply) I am!
Daario Naharis: He is- he's the toughest man with no balls I ever met. But you still can't go. The people believe in you- they know you speak for the Queen.
Missandei: It's true- only the Unsullied can keep the peace in Meereen. (glances at Grey Worm) If you leave, half this city will consume the other half.
Daario Naharis: And Missandei- our Queen trusts no one more than Missandei.(smiles) Certainly not me. (pause) The Queen's closest confidant, the Commander of the Unsullied... and a foreign dwarf with a scarred face. Good fortune, my friends! Meereen is ancient and glorious- try not to ruin her. (walks down the steps of the dais) Looks like it's you and me, Jorah the Andal. (claps him on the shoulder) Let's find some good horses- we have so much to talk about. (he and Jorah walk out)

Dialog #357
Narrator: [As Tyrion is watching Jorah and Daario depart Meereen, Varys appears at his side]
Varys: Hello, old friend. (Tyrion turns to look at him and smiles) I thought we were so happy together, until you abandoned me.
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose there's no point asking how you found me.
Varys: The birds sing in the West, the birds sing in the East- if one knows how to listen. (pause) They tell me you've already found favor with the Mother of Dragons.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, she didn't execute me- so that's a promising start. Now, the heroes are off to find her- and I'm stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war. Any advice for an old comrade?
Varys: Information is the key. You need to learn your enemy's strengths and strategies, you need to learn which of your friends are not your friends.
Tyrion Lannister:(deadpan)... If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.
Varys: (smiles, deadpan) If only. (looks across Meereen) A grand old city- choking on violence, corruption and deceit. Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast?
Tyrion Lannister: (glances up at Varys, then looks out over Meereen)... I did miss you.
Varys: Oh, I know.

Dialog #358
Cersei Lannister: I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long? I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high and by its holy light...
High Sparrow: Do you wish to make a confession?
Cersei Lannister: Once I've confessed, will I be free?
High Sparrow: Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins.
Cersei Lannister: The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage. I confess.
High Sparrow: Name him.
Cersei Lannister: Lancel Lannister.
High Sparrow: Your cousin? And the King's squire?
Cersei Lannister: I was lonely and afraid.
High Sparrow: You had a husband.
Cersei Lannister: A husband off whoring every chance he...
High Sparrow: His sins do not pardon your own.
Cersei Lannister: May the Gods forgive me.
High Sparrow: Other men?
Cersei Lannister: No.
High Sparrow: No others.
Cersei Lannister: No
High Sparrow: Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime. You understand this?
Cersei Lannister: I do.
High Sparrow: There are those that say your children were not fathered by King Robert. That they are bastards born of incest and adultery.
Cersei Lannister: A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the throne but his brother's children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brother's. How filth! There is not one shed of truth to it. I deny it.
High Sparrow: Good. But these are terrible charges, and the Realm must know the truth of them. If your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence.
Cersei Lannister: Trial? I have confessed.
High Sparrow: To a single sin. Others you have denied. Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods.
Cersei Lannister: I bowed to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother's Mercy. I haven't seen my son...I don't know how long it's been. I need to see him please.
High Sparrow: You have taken the first step on the path back to righteousness. In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep.
Cersei Lannister: [Tearfully] Thank you. Thank you.
High Sparrow: The Mother is merciful. It is her you should thank.
Cersei Lannister: I will, I will. I swear it day or night.
High Sparrow: Good.
Cersei Lannister: Am I free to go?
High Sparrow: After your atonement.
Cersei Lannister: My atonement?

Dialog #359
Septa Unella: "Shame, shame, shame."
Narrator: [Septa Unella keeps repeating "shame" three times and ringing a bell as she and a handful of Faith Militant escort Cersei back to the Red Keep amidst the massive crowds of people who have gathered to see her shame.]
Man #1: "Cunt!"
Woman #2: "Whore!"
Woman #3: "Whore!"
Crowd: "Whore! Whore! Whore! Sinner! Bitch! Brotherfucker! Whore! Fuck off!"
Man #2: "All hail the royal tits!"
Man #3: "You're a bitch!"
Narrator: [The crowd begin throwing rotten food at Cersei as they continue to call her vicious names.]
Crowd: "Get her! Whore! Bitch! Fucker! Fucker! You bitch! Cunt! Whore! Brotherfucker! Bitch!"
Narrator: [One woman runs in front of Cersei and the Faith Militant, exposing her breasts.]
Woman #4: "I've had half as many cocks as the Queen!"
Narrator: [A member of the Faith Militant pushes the woman aside as he and his fellow Sparrows continue to escort Cersei through the crowds who continue to viciously insult her.]
Crowd: "Bitch! Sinner! Whore! Slut!
Man #4: "Whore! Whore, whore! [Exposes himself to Cersei.] I'm a Lannister, suck me off! Suck me off, you bitch!"
Narrator: [The same member of the Faith Militant who pushed the woman back just a moment ago does the same with this man and says, "Back!" The rest of the crowd continue to call Cersei names, mostly "whore", and throw filth at her. As she climbs down some stairs with the Faith Militant by her side, one woman manages to spit her right in the face. Another woman runs up the stairs toward Cersei]
Woman #5: Brotherfucker!
Narrator: [The same Sparrow who pushed the other two hecklers away does the same with this woman, only he bloodies her nose and knocks her to the ground. Cersei begins to sob as she continue her walk of atonement. At one point, she trips up and falls to the ground. She looks up and sees that she is almost to the Red Keep, and slowly gets back up again, leaving a blood trail behind her. She finally gets past all the crowds and walks toward the Red Keep, still naked and covered in filth, crying over what she had to endure to get back to her son Tommen.]

Dialog #360
Narrator: [Cersei, having made her walk of penance through King's Landing naked and covered in filth thrown at her, finally reaches the Red Keep; she is limping due to her injured feet and sobbing after seeing how much the people despise her. Her uncle Kevan Lannister and Grand Maester Pycelle glare at her sternly as she passes through the gates, but Qyburn quickly comes to her side and wraps a Lannister cloak around her body.]
Qyburn: Your Grace. [He hugs her shoulders as she leans against him, still sobbing; Pycelle looks disgusted.] It's good to have you back. [He shakes her shoulders gently and she finally starts to calm.] Come, we'll take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet.
Narrator: [Very heavy footsteps are heard. Cersei and Qyburn look up to see a huge man in Kingsguard armor, with a helmet that covers his entire face except for the eyes, surrounded by dead-looking grey flesh, are visible. Cersei instantly recognizes him as Gregor Clegane, The Mountain.]
Qyburn: May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard? [The Mountain picks Cersei up and carries her into the castle with Qyburn walking them.] If it please Your Grace, he has taken a Holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak, until all His Graces' enemies are dead, and evil has been driven from the Realm.
Narrator: [A flash of fury burns in Cersei's eyes as the Mountain carries her.]

Dialog #361
Olly: Lord Commander. It's one of the Wildlings you brought back. Says he knows your Uncle Benjen. Says he's still alive.
Jon Snow: Are you sure he's talking about Benjen?
Olly: Said he was First Ranger. Said he knows where to find him.
Narrator: [Jon rushes outside where Alliser Thorne is waiting.]
Alliser Thorne: Man says he saw your uncle at Hardhome at the last full moon.
Jon Snow: Could be lying.
Alliser Thorne: Could be. There are ways to find out.
Jon Snow: Where is he?
Alliser Thorne: Over there.
Narrator: [Jon walks over to where a group of Watch men are gathered, only to find a sign with "traitor" written on it. He turns around to find his brothers staring him down. Alliser makes the first move and stabs him.]
Alliser Thorne: For the Watch.
Narrator: [Next Othell Yarwyck stabs Jon.]
Othell Yarwyck: For the Watch.
Narrator: [Then Bowen Marsh stabs Jon.]
Bowen Marsh: For the Watch.
Narrator: [A fourth mutineer stabs Jon.]
Fourth Mutineer: For the Watch.
Narrator: [A fifth mutineer stabs Jon.]
Fifth mutineer: For the Watch.
Narrator: [Jon falls to his knees. Lastly, Olly approaches with tears in his eyes.]
Jon Snow: Olly...
Narrator: [After a moment of pause, Olly delivers the final blow.]
Olly: For the Watch.
Narrator: [Jon stares at Olly one last time and falls back to the ground. Olly and the Watch men turn and leave him to die in the cold.]

Dialog #362
Alliser: You all know why you're here. Jon Snow is dead.
Ranger: Who killed him?
Alliser: I did. And Bowen Marsh and Othell Yarwyck, and the other officers in this castle.
Ranger: Murderers!
Ranger: Traitors!
Narrator: [The rangers shout and argue amongst each other]
Alliser: Alright! We've committed treason, all of us! Jon Snow was my Lord Commander. I had no love for him, that was no secret. But I never once disobeyed an order. Loyalty is the foundation on which the Night's Watch is built and the Watch means everything to me. I have given my life - we've all given our lives - to the Night's Watch. Jon Snow was going to destroy the Night's Watch. He led the wildlings through our gates as no Lord Commander has ever done before. He gave them the very lands on which they reaved and raped and murdered. Lord Commander Snow did what he thought was right, I've no doubt about that. And what he thought was right would have been the end of us. He thrust a terrible choice upon us and we made it.

Dialog #363
Narrator: [Ramsay views the dead body of his love, Myranda]
Maester Wolken: Shall I have a grave dug for her, my lord? Or would you rather the men build a pyre?
Ramsay: Buried, burned. She's good meat. Feed her to the hounds.

Dialog #364
Trystane: I told you I'm not hungry.
Obara: We're not here to feed you. We're here to kill you.
Nymeria: You want her to do it? Or me?
Trystane: We are family. I don't want to hurt you.
Nymeria: Her or me?
Narrator: [Trystane grabs his sword]
Trystane: You.
Nymeria: Good.
Obara: Smart boy.
Narrator: [Trystane and Nymeria circle each other. Obara spears Trystane in the back of the head, killing him]
Nymeria: You're a greedy bitch, you know that?

Dialog #365
Narrator: [Tyrion enters the catacombs to unchain Rhaegal and Viseryon. They emerge from the shadows and growl at him]
Tyrion Lannister: I'm friends with your mother.
Narrator: [The dragons continue to growl and snap at him]
Tyrion Lannister: I'm here to help. Don't eat the help. When I was a child, an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my Nameday. I begged him for one of you. "It wouldn't even have to be a big dragon", "I told him. "It could be little, like me."
Narrator: [Tyrion places his torch on the ground as a show of good faith]
Tyrion Lannister: Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they ever heard. Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago. I cried myself to sleep that night. But here you are.
Narrator: [Tyrion Lannister inches closer to Rhaegal. He slowly reaches for its collar and unlatches it. He turns to Viseryon, which angles its neck to allow Tyrion to free it. After a brief moment of awe and apprehension, Tyrion unlatches Viseryon's collar, and the two dragons head back into the shadows. Tyrion grabs his torch and hurriedly returns to Varys]
Tyrion Lannister: Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face.

Dialog #366
Jaime Lannister: You're a bold man.
High Sparrow: On the contrary. I fear a great deal. The father, the mother, the warrior. Do you know why we use these stones? To remind us not to fear death. We close our eyes on this world and open them in the next.
Jaime Lannister: You must long for the next life.
High Sparrow: (chuckles) In truth, I fear that too.
Jaime Lannister: You imprisoned and humiliated my sister!
High Sparrow: Your sister sought the gods' mercy and atoned for her sin.
Jaime Lannister: What about my sins?
Narrator: [He walks around Myrcella's body and approaches him]
Jaime Lannister: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape that justice. What atonement do I deserve.
Narrator: [He puts his hand on his sword]
High Sparrow: You would spill blood in this holy place?
Jaime Lannister: The gods won't mind. They've spilled more blood than the rest of us combined.
High Sparrow: Go on then. I deserve it. We all do. We are weak, vain creatures. We live only by the mother's mercy.
Narrator: [Numerous Sparrows enter the room and surround them]
Jaime Lannister: They should be closer if you mean for them to save you.
High Sparrow: I don't. They'd never reach me before you struck.
Jaime Lannister: I've fought against worse odds.
High Sparrow: No doubt many of us would fall. But who are we? Hm? We have no names, no family, everyone one of us is poor, powerless, and yet together we can overthrow an empire.

Dialog #367
Narrator: [Edd has returned with Tormund and the Wildlings to apprehend Alliser and the other mutineers for killing Jon Snow. The Night's Watchmen have laid down their swords and surrendered. Edd holds his sword to Alliser.]
Alliser Thorne: You fucking traitor!
Eddison "Dolorous Edd" Tollet: The only traitors here are the ones who shoved their knives into their Lord Commander's heart.
Alliser Thorne: For thousands of years, the Night's Watch has held Castle Black against the Wildlings.
Tormund Giantsbane: Until you.

Dialog #368
Narrator: [Balon starts to cross a rope bridge amid a rainstorm. He notices a hooded figure blocking his way.]
Balon Greyjoy: Let me pass. You fool, move aside for your king.
Euron Greyjoy: Haven't I always, brother?
Narrator: [The hooded figure removes his hood, revealing himself.]
Balon Greyjoy: I thought you'd be rotting under some foreign sea by now.
Euron Greyjoy: What is dead may never die. Has the custom changed since I've been gone? Aren't you supposed to repeat the words?
Balon Greyjoy: You can mock our god without my help.
Euron Greyjoy: I don't mock the Drowned God. I am the Drowned God. From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray.
Narrator: [Balon continues to cross the bridge.]
Euron Greyjoy: You're old, brother. You've had your time. Now, let another rule.
Narrator: [Balon approaches Euron.]
Balon Greyjoy: I heard you lost your mind during a storm on the Jade Sea. They tied you to the mast to keep you from jumping overboard.
Euron Greyjoy: They did.
Balon Greyjoy: And when the storm passed, you cut out their tongues.
Euron Greyjoy: I needed silence.
Balon Greyjoy: What kind of an ironborn loses his senses during a storm?
Euron Greyjoy: I am the storm, brother. The first storm and the last. And you're in my way.
Narrator: [Balon draws his knife to kill Euron but only manages to slash the left side of his face before Euron throws him from the bridge, killing him.]

Dialog #369
Narrator: [Melisandre is sitting by a fire and hears a knock on the door.]
Melisandre: Come in.
Narrator: [Davos enters the room.]
Davos Seaworth: I'm sorry, my lady, I didn't mean to interrupt.
Melisandre: You interrupt nothing.
Davos Seaworth: I assume you know why I'm here.
Melisandre: I will when you tell me.
Davos Seaworth: It's about the Lord Commander-
Melisandre: The former Lord Commander.
Davos Seaworth: Does he have to be?
Melisandre: What are you asking?
Davos Seaworth: Do you know of any magic that could help him? Bring him back.
Melisandre: If you want to help him, leave him be.
Davos Seaworth: Can it be done?
Melisandre: There are some with this power.
Davos Seaworth: How?
Melisandre: I don't know.
Davos Seaworth: Have you seen it done?
Melisandre: I met a man who came back from the dead, but the priest who did it... It shouldn't have been possible.
Davos Seaworth: But it was. It could be, now.
Melisandre: Not for me.
Narrator: [Melisandre gets up and walks to the fire.]
Davos Seaworth: Not for you? I saw you drink poison that should've killed you. I saw you give birth to a demon, made of shadows.
Melisandre: Everything I believed, the great victory I saw in the flames, all of it was a lie. You were right all along. The Lord never spoke to me.
Davos Seaworth: Fuck him, then. Fuck all of them. I'm not a devout man, obviously. Seven gods, drowned gods, tree gods, it's all the same. I'm not asking the Lord of Light for help. I'm asking the woman who showed me that miracles exist.
Melisandre: I never had this gift.
Davos Seaworth: Have you ever tried?

Dialog #370
Narrator: [Arya is praying before the Weirwood Face in the House of Black and White]
Jaqen H'ghar: If a girl tells me her name, I will give her eyes back.
Arya Stark:... A girl has no name.
Jaqen H'ghar: Come.

Dialog #371
Jaqen H'ghar: If a girl is truly no one... she has nothing to fear.

Dialog #372
Jaqen H'ghar: Who are you?
Arya Stark: No one.

Dialog #373
Narrator: [Vala - a prostitute and Sons of the Harpy sympathizer - is brought to Varys]
Varys: If we could have the room.
Narrator: [The Unsullied leave]
Varys: You look lovely today, my dear. You really do. How you climbed all those steps without breaking a sweat...
Vala: If you're going to torture me, just call them back and get on with it.
Varys: I am not a torturer. Though it so often is what people deserve. And it does provide answers, but they're usually the wrong answers. My job is to find the right answers. Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy. I'd like to make you happy, Vala. That's your name isn't it? Vala.
Narrator: [Vala does not answer]
Varys: That's alright. I know who you are and what you've done. You've done a lot. You've sacrificed your body for a cause, which is more than most people do. And you've helped the Sons of the Harpy murder the Unsullied and the Second Sons.
Vala: The Unsullied and the Second Sons are foreign soldiers, brought here by a foreign queen to destroy our city and our history.
Varys: I understand. Well, that makes perfect sense...from your perspective. I have a different perspective, of course. I think it's important that you try to see things from my perspective just as I will try to see them from yours. Because that is the only way that I can make you and Dhom happy.
Narrator: [Vala is unnerved]
Varys: That is how you pronounce it? Dhom? I'm afraid I don't really speak the language. Such a handsome boy. Those big, brown eyes. Good luck keeping the ladies away.
Vala: Yes, you're a true liberator, aren't you? You won't torture me, you'll just threaten my son.
Varys: Children are blameless. I have never hurt them. Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you. But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the Queen's soldiers. We both know the penalty for that crime. How will poor Dhom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem?
Vala: If I tell you anything, they kill me. So either you kill me or they do.
Varys: Yes, from your perspective, this is a problem. There is a third option, though. A ship leaving tomorrow for Pentos. I've already booked passage for a woman and her young son. I'll even throw in a bag of silver to help you start again. Though I'm afraid we'll have to ask one of our leather-clad friends back in to carry it. Far too heavy for me. The boat sails at dawn. You need to decide now. A new life for you and Dhom or...

Dialog #374
Narrator: [Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven watch a young Ned and five others approach the Tower of Joy]
Brandon Stark: That's my father.
Three-Eyed Raven: And that man beside him is Howland Reed, Meera's father.
Narrator: [Ser Gerold Hightower and Ser Arthur Dayne walk past Bran]
Brandon Stark: Ser Arthur Dayne.
Three-Eyed Raven: The Sword of the Morning.
Brandon Stark: My father said he was the best swordsman he ever saw.
Narrator: [Hightower and Dayne confront Ned and his group]
Arthur Dayne: Lord Stark.
Eddard "Ned" Stark: I looked for you on the Trident.
Arthur Dayne: We weren't there.
Hightower: Your friend, the Usurper, would lie beneath the ground if we had been.
Eddard Stark: The Mad King is dead. Rhaegar lies beneath the ground. Why weren't you there to protect your prince?
Arthur Dayne: Our prince wanted us here.
Eddard Stark: Where's my sister?
Arthur Dayne: I wish you good fortune in the wars to come. And now it begins.
Eddard Stark: No. Now it ends.
Narrator: [The two sides draw swords and clash. Howland is immediately wounded and falls to the ground and Hightower kills another. Ned eventually kills Hightower, but Dayne is far superior; he kills all his opponents but Ned, who struggles to defend himself]
Brandon Stark: He's better than my father.
Three-Eyed Raven: Far better.
Brandon Stark: My father beat him.
Three-Eyed Raven: Did he?
Brandon Stark: I know he did. I heard the story a thousand times.
Narrator: [Dayne disarms Ned. As he is about to finish him off, Howland stabs Dayne in the back of the neck. Dayne falls to his knees, mortally wounded.]
Brandon Stark: (shocked) He stabbed him in the back.
Narrator: [Ned grabs his sword and kills Dayne. Lyanna's screams are suddenly heard from the tower. Ned runs towards it.]
Brandon Stark: What's in the tower?
Three-Eyed Raven: That's enough for one day. We visit again another time.
Brandon Stark: I want to see where he's going.
Three-Eyed Raven: Time to go.
Brandon Stark: Father!
Narrator: [Ned suddenly hears Bran but looks around and sees nothing. The Three-Eyed Raven grabs Bran and they both awaken]

Dialog #375
Ramsay Bolton: The Umbers are a famously loyal house.
Harald Karstark: Famously loyal to the Starks.
Smalljon Umber: And you, Lord Karstark, your people share blood with the Starks, don't they? But here we are. Times change.
Ramsay Bolton: When my father became Warden of the North, your house refused to pledge their banners.
Smalljon Umber: Your father was a cunt.
Ramsay Bolton: My beloved father, the Warden-
Smalljon Umber: Your father was a cunt and that's why you killed him. I might've done the same to my father have he hadn't done me the favor of dying on his own.
Ramsay Bolton: My father was poisoned by our enemies.
Smalljon Umber: Hmm.
Ramsay Bolton: Why have you come to Winterfell, Lord Umber?
Smalljon Umber: The bastard Jon Snow let an army of wildlings past the Wall. We're farther North than any of you fuckers. Wildlings come down, we always have to fight them first. I like fighting wildlings, been doing it all me life. But there are too many of them for us to beat back alone.
Ramsay Bolton: So now you've come seeking help.
Smalljon Umber: We need to help each other. The colder it gets, the farther south those goat fuckers will roam. Won't take 'em long to get here.
Ramsay Bolton: You think a horde of wildlings can take Winterfell?
Smalljon Umber: If they got Jon Snow leading them, maybe. He knows this place better than we ever will.
Ramsay Bolton: Pledge your banners to House Bolton. Swear loyalty to me as Warden of the North, and we will fight together to destroy the bastard and all his wildling friends.
Smalljon Umber: I'm not kissing your fucking hand.
Ramsay Bolton: Traditionally a bannerman kneels before his lord.
Smalljon Umber: I'm not doing that either.
Ramsay Bolton: Why would I trust a man who won't honor tradition?
Smalljon Umber: Your father honored tradition. Knelt for Robb Stark, called him King of the North. Was Robb Stark right to trust your father?
Ramsay Bolton: Then it appears we're at a bit of an impasse.
Smalljon Umber: Fuck kneeling and fuck oaths. I've got a gift for you.
Ramsay Bolton: A girl, I hope. I prefer redheads.
Smalljon Umber: A girl, aye. A wild one.
Narrator: [Two hooded captives are brought in. One hood is removed, revealing Osha]
Ramsay Bolton: I like them wild.
Smalljon Umber: And the boy. Nice and young. The way Karstark likes them.
Narrator: [Harald stands up in offense. The hood is removed from the boy, revealing Rickon]
Ramsay: Who is this?
Smalljon Umber: Rickon Stark.
Ramsay Bolton: How do I know that's Rickon Stark?
Narrator: [Smalljon places the severed head of Shaggydog on a table. Ramsay grins wickedly]
Ramsay Bolton: Welcome home, Lord Stark.

Dialog #376
Narrator: [Bowen Marsh, Othell Yarwyck, Ser Alliser Thorne, and Olly are about to be hanged.]
Jon Snow: If you have any last words, now is the time.
Bowen Marsh: You shouldn't be alive. It's not right.
Jon Snow: Neither was killing me.
Narrator: [Jon moves to Othell.]
Othell Yarwick: My mother's still living at White Harbor. Could you write her? Tell her I died fighting the wildlings.
Narrator: [Jon moves to Alliser.]
Alliser Thorne: I had a choice, Lord Commander. Betray you or betray the Night's Watch. You brought an army of wildlings into our lands. An army of murderers and raiders. If I had to do it all over knowing where I'd end up, I pray I'd make the right choice again.
Jon Snow: I'm sure you would, Ser Alliser.
Alliser Thorne: I fought, I lost. Now I rest. But you, Lord Snow, you'll be fighting their battles forever.
Narrator: [Jon moves to Olly. Olly stares stonily at Jon and says nothing. Jon unsheathes Longclaw and cuts the rope, hanging all four.]
Eddison "Dolorous Edd" Tollett: We should burn the bodies.
Jon Snow: You should.
Narrator: [Jon removes his black cloak and hands it to Edd.]
Eddison Tollett: What do you want me to do with this?
Jon Snow: Wear it. Burn it. Whatever you want. You have Castle Black. My watch is ended.

Dialog #377
Cersei Lannister: The Small Council meeting is postponed, on the King's orders. (Kevan and Olenna both stand, irritated)
Olenna Tyrell: (sharply) I would have thought we were perfectly clear the first time: you're not welcome.
Cersei Lannister: You once spoke of your respect for our father, because he understood the necessity of working with one's rivals.
Olenna Tyrell: (scoffs) My dear, you have been stripped of your dignity and authority, publicly shamed, and confined to the Red Keep. What's left to work with?
Jaime Lannister: Cersei is the mother of the King. She has the King's ear- and, his trust. (gives Olenna a direct look) And, the King has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow... about Queen Margaery, and Ser Loras.
Cersei: The High Sparrow seized power, knowing full well we'd bicker among ourselves, instead of seizing it back. (sits down) Here we are- well done to us. Now, the future of the Seven Kingdoms rests in his dirty peasant hands. In a few days, he'll have a trial for me- but, before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. (Olenna looks up sharply) Yes. Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.
Olenna Tyrell: (smiles grimly and shakes her head) Ohhh, no- that cannot happen. That will not happen.
Cersei Lannister: I agree. (Olenna sits down, Jaime moves to sit opposite her)
Jaime Lannister: You've got the second largest army in Westeros. You will bring them into the city, stop Queen Margaery's humiliation before it starts, and take her back into Crown custody.
Kevan Lannister: (firmly) The King has ordered me to take no action against the High Sparrow, or the Faith Militant- out of fear for the Queen's safety.
Jaime Lannister: You will take no action at all. When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down. (Kevan looks confused) Were you expressly forbidden from standing down?
Kevan Lannister: No. But, if the King should call-
Jaime Lannister: The whole thing will be over before anyone can call upon you to do anything. When the High Sparrow's back in custody- or dead, preferably- and Margaery's back at Tommen's side- do you think the King will be angry at the outcome?
Cersei Lannister: You hate these fanatics as much as we do. (steps forward) You hate what they've done to your son. Do you want Lancel back? Or have you given him up for good?
Kevan Lannister: (looks down)... Of course I want him back.
Cersei Lannister: Then, stand aside. And let the people that took him from you be destroyed. (Olenna glances at her, warily)
Kevan Lannister: If it doesn't go as planned... the Sparrows have many friends in this city. We'll have civil war- many will die.
Olenna Tyrell: Many will die, no matter what we do. Better them, than us.

Dialog #378
Sansa: It's good soup. Do you remember those kidney pies Old Nan used to make?
Jon: With the peas and onions. [pause] We never should have left Winterfell.
Sansa: Don't you wish we could go back to the day we left? I want to scream at myself, "Don't go, you idiot!"
Jon: How could we know?
Sansa: I spent a lot of time thinking about what an ass I was to you. I wish I could change everything.
Jon: We were children.
Sansa: I was awful, just admit it.
Jon: You were occasionally awful. I'm sure I can't have been great fun always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played.
Sansa: Do you forgive me?
Jon: There's nothing to forgive.
Sansa: Forgive me.
Jon: Alright, alright, I forgive you.
Narrator: [The two laugh. Jon hands Sansa his cup of ale. Sansa takes a swig and coughs]
Jon: You'd think after thousands of years the Night's Watch would learn how to make a good ale.
Sansa: Mm. Where will you go?
Jon: Where will we go? If I don't watch over you, father's ghost would come back and murder me.
Sansa: Where will we go?
Jon: I can't stay here after what happened.
Sansa: There's only one place we can go: home.
Jon: Well, should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?
Sansa: We'll take it back from them.
Jon: I don't have an army.
Sansa: How many wildlings did you save?
Jon: They didn't come here to serve me.
Sansa: They owe you their lives. Think they'll be safe here if Roose Bolton remains Warden of the North?
Jon: Sansa...
Sansa: Winterfell is our home. It's ours. And Arya's and Bran's and Rickon's. Wherever they are, we have to fight for it.
Jon: I'm tired of fighting! It's all I've done since I've left home! I've killed brothers of the Night's Watch, I've killed wildlings, I've killed men I admire, I hung a boy younger than Bran! I fought...and I lost.
Sansa: If you don't take back the North, we'll never be safe. I want you to help me, but I'll do it myself if I have to.

Dialog #379
Narrator: [Jon reads a letter from Ramsay]
Jon: "To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow, you allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall, you have betrayed your own kind, you have betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard. Come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon. His direwolf's skin is on my floor. Come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me, and I will ride North and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection. You will watch as I skin them living-"
Narrator: [Jon stops]
Sansa: Go on.
Jon: It's just more of the same.
Narrator: [Sansa grabs the letter and reads it]
Sansa: "You will watch as my soldiers take turns raping your sister, you will watch as my dogs devour your wild little brother, then I will spoon your eyes from their sockets and let my dogs do the rest. Come and see. Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North."
Jon: Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North?
Sansa: His father's dead. Ramsay killed him and now he has Rickon.
Jon: We don't know that.
Sansa: Yes we do.
Tormund: How many men does he have in his army?
Sansa: I heard him say 5,000 once when he was talking about Stannis' attack.
Jon: How many do you have?
Tormund: That can march and fight? 2,000. The rest are children and old people.
Sansa: You're the son of the last true Warden of the North. Northern families are loyal, they'll fight for you if you ask. A monster has taken our home and our brother. We have to go back to Winterfell and save them both.
Narrator: [Jon nods]

Dialog #380
Narrator: [Tyrion, Varys, Grey Worm, and Missandei all watch as a ship carrying slave masters from Yunkai, Astapor, and Volantis approaches.]
Narrator: Grey Worm You invite the enemy into our city?
Narrator: Tyrion I did. As a clever man once told me, we make peace with our enemies, not our friends.
Narrator: Grey Worm I don't make peace with the Queen's enemies, I kill the Queen's enemies.
Narrator: Tyrion Yes, that's the military approach. And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach.
Narrator: Missandei Our Queen tried to make peace with the Masters and they tried to murder her.
Narrator: Tyrion We enter these negotiations with open eyes.Trust me, my own recent experience with slavery has taught me about the horrors of that institution.
Narrator: Missandei How many days were you a slave?
Narrator: Tyrion(Stammering) Long enough to know.
Narrator: Missandei Not long enough to understand.

Dialog #381
Narrator: [The Khals of Khalar Vehven are discussing what to do with Daenerys.]
Daenerys: Don't you want to know what I think?
Khal Moro: You'd rather be sold into slavery? Or maybe you'd like to show Rhalko here what you taste like?
Daenerys: No. I don't want either of those things.
Khal Moro: We don't care what you want. This is the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen. You have no voice here, unless you are Dosh Khaleen. Which you are not, until we decide you are.
Daenerys: I know where I am. I have been here before.
Narrator: [Daenerys starts pacing around the temple.]
Daenerys: This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World.
Khal Moro: And what happened? You trusted a sorceress, like a fool. Your baby is dead because of you. And so is Khal Drogo.
Daenerys: This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends. To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before. He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses. He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains.
Khal Moro: And you were dumb enough to believe him.
Daenerys: And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages you'll raid, how many girls you'll get to fuck, how many horses you'll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will.
Narrator: [The Khals all start laughing.]
Khal Moro: All right. No Dosh Khaleen for you. Instead we'll take turns fucking you. And then we'll let our bloodriders fuck you. (He stands up.) And if there's anything left of you, we'll give our horses a turn. You crazy cunt. Did you really think we would serve you?
Narrator: [Daenerys puts her hand on a burning brazier and is not burnt by it.]
Daenerys: You're not going to serve. You're going to die.
Narrator: [Daenerys pushes the brazier over, lighting the entire temple on fire. She pushes over another and the khals attempt to escape but cannot. Daenerys and Khal Moro stare each other down and Daenerys pushes over a third brazier, engulfing him in flames, killing him. The Dothraki assemble outside to watch the Temple burn. They witness Daenerys emerging from the burning temple naked and unburnt. They all bow. Jorah and Daario also approach. They too bow in awe.]

Dialog #382
The Waif: You're not ready. (smirks) You should go home, before it's too late.

Dialog #383
The Waif: (sneering) You'll never be one of us, Lady Stark. (she notices Jaqen appear in the doorway behind her and withdraws; Arya hastily gets to her feet)
Jaqen H'ghar: ...She has a point. (he leads Arya into the Hall of Faces) None of the first Faceless Men were lords and ladies. They began as slaves, in the mines of Valyria.
Arya Stark: Who was the first?
Jaqen H'ghar: He was no one. The Many-Faced God taught him how to shed his face- and how to give the Gift. That man taught others, in exchange for their service. Many served; many more Gifts were given. Soon, all the Masters and Overseers were gone, and the Faceless Men fled.
Arya Stark: Where did they go?
Jaqen H'ghar: Here. They founded the Free City of Braavos. Built this House. (glances at the faces around them) These were the faces they wore, in life- when they were not wearing others. The first Faceless Men (Arya looks at the faces)... and now, a girl is one of them, if a girl desires.
Arya Stark: ...A girl has no desires. (Jaqen looks at her carefully, then holds up a vial of poisoned water from the Pool)... Who? (takes the vial)
Jaqen H'ghar: An actress- calls herself "Lady Crane". She performs at the theater in Cheva Square. (pause, coldly) A girl has been given a second chance. There will not be a third. One way or another, a face will be added to the Hall.

Dialog #384
Littlefinger: Sansa. Lady Brienne. When I heard you'd escaped Winterfell I feared the worst. You have no idea how happy I am to see you unharmed.
Sansa: Unharmed? What're you doing here?
Littlefinger: I rode north with the knights of the Vale to come to your aid. They're encamped at Moat Cailin as we speak.
Sansa: To come to my aid? Did you know about Ramsay? If you didn't know, you're an idiot. If you did know, you're my enemy. Would you like to hear about our wedding night? He never hurt my face. He needed my face; the face of Ned Stark's daughter. But the rest of me, he did what he liked with the rest of me as long as I could still give him an heir. What do you think he did?
Littlefinger: I can't begin to contemplate-
Sansa: What do you think he did to me?
Brienne: Lady Sansa asked you a question.
Littlefinger: He beat you.
Sansa: Yes, he enjoyed that. What else do you think he did?
Littlefinger: Sansa...
Sansa: What else?
Littlefinger: Did he touch you?
Sansa: Maybe you did know about Ramsay all along.
Littlefinger: I didn't know.
Sansa: I thought you knew everyone's secrets.
Littlefinger: I made a mistake. A horrible mistake. I underestimated a stranger.
Sansa: The other things he did, ladies aren't supposed to talk about those things but I imagine brothel keepers talk about them all the time. I can still feel it. I don't mean, "In my tender heart, it still pains me so." I can still feel what he did in my body standing here right now.
Littlefinger: I'm...so sorry.
Sansa: You said you would protect me.
Littlefinger: And I will. You must believe me when I tell you that I will.
Sansa: I don't believe you anymore. I don't need you anymore, you can't protect me. You won't even be able to protect yourself if I tell Brienne to cut you down. And why shouldn't I?
Littlefinger: You want me to beg for your life? If that's what you want, I will. Whatever you ask that is in my power, I will do.
Sansa: What if I want you to die here and now?
Littlefinger: Then I will die.
Sansa: You freed me from the monsters who murdered my family and gave me to other monsters who murdered my family. Go back to Moat Cailin. My brother and I will take back the North on our own. I never want to see you again.
Littlefinger: I would do anything to undo what's been done to you. I know that I can't. Would you allow me to say one more thing before I go? Your great uncle, Brynden, the Blackfish, has gathered what remains of the Tully forces and retaken Riverrun. You might consider seeking him out. The time may come when you need an army loyal to you.
Sansa: I have an army.
Littlefinger: Your brother's army. Half-brother.

Dialog #385
Aeron: We speak in the presence of the Drowned God. In his name, we gather today to choose a new king as our leader. Who makes a claim?
Yara: I am Yara Greyjoy, daughter of Balon Greyjoy, King of the Iron Islands. I claim the Salt Throne.
Ironborn: We never had a queen! Not once!
Yara: There are many things we've never done. We've never made our mark upon the world. The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind, until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance and they swat us down, they conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist. We are a sea people!
Narrator: [The crowd cheers]
Yara: Our god is a sea god.
Narrator: [The crowd cheers]
Yara: When I am queen, we will build a fleet that-
Ironborn #2: You cannot be queen!
Yara: I am not finished!
Ironborn #2: Yes you are! A woman will not lead us, not when Balon's own male heir has returned!
Narrator: [The crowd looks at Theon. Theon steps forward]
Theon: I am Theon Greyjoy, last living son of Balon Greyjoy. And she is your rightful ruler. Those of you that have sailed under her, and there are many of you here, you know what she is. She is a reaver, she is a warrior, she is ironborn! We will find no better leader! This is our queen.
Narrator: [The crowd cheers, shouting "Yara! over and over]
Euron: I'm Euron Greyjoy! I claim the Salt Throne!
Narrator: [Euron emerges from the crowd]
Euron: Niece. Nephew. Little Theon. Heard you managed to fuck things right into the ground. Captured a castle you couldn't keep, got yourself taken prisoner...even heard you have no cock. Which explains why you would think a woman can be king.
Yara: When did you return, uncle?
Euron: A few days ago. I had some things to take care of. Long overdue.
Yara: I'm glad you're here. Now I know what my first act as queen will be: to execute the man who killed my father.
Euron: I did. I killed him. Threw him right over a rope bridge. I watched him fall. He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it weren't for me. No one loved him, no one wanted to follow him, he led us into two wars we couldn't win. I apologize to you all for not killing him years ago.
Theon: That would've been hard to do. You weren't here. Last I heard you galavanting around the world having a grand ol' time.
Euron: Galavanting? Is that the sort of thing you start to say once your dick gets chopped off? Did the great lords of Westeros teach you words like that?
Theon: You were gone. Yara was here. Being ironborn, leading ironborn, getting ready to bring us back to glory.
Euron: And how will she do that?
Yara: I will build the largest fleet the world has ever seen.
Euron: Bright idea, except I'm the one who's going to build the Iron Fleet because I'm the one who knows how to use it. I've been all over the world, I've seen more of it than all of you combined, and across the sea, there is a person who hates the great lords of Westeros just as much as we do. Someone with a large army, three large dragons, and no husband. I'm going to build that fleet and I'm going to galavant right over and give it to Daenerys Targaryen, along with my big cock.
Yara: You're going to seduce the Dragon Queen?
Euron: I'm not going to seduce her. The Iron Fleet will seduce her. And together we're going to take the Seven Kingdoms. I wasn't born to be king. I paid the iron price. And here I stand.
Narrator: [The crowd cheers, shouting "Euron" over and over]

Dialog #386
Narrator: [With Wights chasing them, Meera and Hodor escape the Cave of the Three-Eyed Raven with a comatose Bran. Hodor closes the door behind them]
Meera: Hold the door!
Narrator: [Hodor holds the door shut as the Wights try to break through. In the vision, Bran hears Meera shouting, "Hold the door"]
Meera: Hold the door! Hold the door!
Narrator: [In the vision, Wylis somehow hears Meera and is able to see Bran]
Meera: Hold the door!
Narrator: [Wylis enters a warg state and suffers a seizure, collapsing]
Meera: Hold the door!
Narrator: [Hodor struggles to hold the door]
Meera: Hold the door!
Old Nan: Wylis! What's the matter?
Meera: Hold the door!
Old Nan: Come on, son.
Meera: Hold the door!
Wylis: Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door!
Narrator: [Meera escapes into the snow with Bran as the door begins to break. Wights stab and claw Hodor, who continues to hold the door]
Wylis: Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor!

Dialog #387
Samwell Tarly: This venison, it's... very tasty. Is it from today's hunt?
Dickon Tarly: Well... no, we haven't been able to cure that one yet. This is last week's.
Samwell Tarly: Oh, of course. (laughs feebly) Sorry- long journey.
Dickon Tarly: (smiles good-naturedly) Brought it down from seventy yards- one shot. (Talla smiles)
Samwell Tarly: (impressed) Oh- that's a... fair distance.
Dickon Tarly: So, do you do much hunting up at the Wall?
Samwell Tarly: Oh, yes, yes. Um... a good ammount. North of the Wall, you don't hunt- you don't eat.
Dickon Tarly: Mostly deer, or are there elk as well?
Samwell Tarly: (embarrassed)... Rabbits. (his family look up in surprise) Sometimes squirrels. (pause) I say "we"... it's my friend Jon, mostly. Sometimes Edd. (Randyll turns back to his plate, looking disgusted) Oh, and Gilly. (Sam gestures with his knife at Gilly) She's- she's quite a good hunter as well. Huntress.
Melessa Tarly: (to Gilly) I imagine it's common, where you're from. We once met a man, a Lord Umber from Last Hearth, wasn't it, Randyll? Who said he taught all his daughters how to hunt. (Gilly smiles)
Talla Tarly: (envious) Your father taught you to hunt? (chuckles) Our father would never teach us. I think our father could learn a thing or two from your father.
Randyll Tarly: That's enough of that.
Melessa Tarly: Samwell, would you care for more bread?
Samwell Tarly: Oh! Yes- yes, please. Thank you, Mother.
Randyll Tarly: Not fat enough already? (Sam freezes as he reaches for the offered bread-basket, then waves the servant away. Melessa glares at her husband, there is an awkward pause as everyone eats)
Samwell Tarly:... I traveled south under orders from the Lord Commander. He wants me to-
Randyll Tarly: I read your letter. You're to be a Maester.
Samwell Tarly: Yes. And- and, once I have my chain, I'll return to Castle Black.
Randyll Tarly: (contemptuously) I thought the Night's Watch might make a man of you- or something resembling a man, at least. But you managed to stay soft, and fat, your nose buried in books. (Gilly glares at him) Spending your life reading about the achievements of better men. I'll wager you still can't sit a horse, or wield a sword-
Melessa Tarly: Randyll. To be Maester of the Night's Watch is a great honor-
Gilly: (coldly, to Randyll) He can wield a sword. He killed a Thenn. (Dickon looks up, surprised) He killed a White Walker.
Dickon Tarly: (chuckles) There's no such thing.
Gilly: I saw it with my own eyes, on our way down to Castle Black. (Randyll looks at her sharply) He drove a dagger into the Walker's heart. He risked his life to save mine, more than once. He's a greater warrior than either of you will ever be.
Randyll Tarly:... Your way down to Castle Black? (Gilly realizes she made a mistake) Where did he kill a White Walker? Where are you from? How'd you come to meet my son? (Sam looks nervous)
Gilly:... The Night's Watch came to our keep-
Randyll Tarly: (sharply) Where?
Samwell Tarly: Gilly-
Gilly: (defiantly) North of the Wall. (Melessa looks up, shocked)
Randyll Tarly: North of the Wall. (pause, furious) You're a Wildling. The Seven Kingdoms have waged war against these savages for centuries, and here I sit hosting one in my hall! Thanks to my son. (to Gilly, gesturing at a fine longsword over the hearth) See that sword? It's called Heartsbane. Been in our family for five hundred years. It's Valyrian steel- only a handful of them left, in the world. (Sam looks up) It's supposed to go to my firstborn son, after I die. To him. (gestures at Sam) He will never wield that sword. If he were to become Lord Tarly of Horn Hill, it would be the end of this House. (nods to Gilly contemptuously) I took you for a Mole's Town whore when I saw you, and I made my peace with that. Who else would have him? But I overestimated him. (Gilly glances at Sam, who is looking down at his plate) No- it was a wildling whore that seduced my son. This you getting back at me, boy? Hmmm? Bringing that to my table, and making me dine with it?! (Sam remains silent) Well, you got what you were after, didn't you? A bastard- a half-breed bastard. Your invitation into our home-
Melessa Tarly: (stands up, to Gilly) Come, my dear. Talla. (Talla stands up, looking sad; Melessa glares at her husband) I've lost my appetite.
Randyll Tarly: He dishonors us!
Melessa Tarly: (furious) You dishonor yourself! (leaves with Gilly and her daughter)
Randyll Tarly: (to Sam) Your mother's a fine woman- you're not worthy of her. To please her, I'll take the Wildling in- she can work in the kitchens. The bastard can be raised here... but, this will be the last night you ever spend, at Horn Hill.

Dialog #388
High Sparrow: (speaking to the gathered Smallfolk) Rich or poor, noble or common, if we sin we must atone. Margaery of House Tyrell came to us, a sinner. She stood before the Gods in the Holy Sept, and lied. She turned a blind eye to her brother's sins. She disgraced her House, her King, and herself-

Dialog #389
High Sparrow: (bows slightly) Lord Tyrell. Ser Jaime. (Jaime and Mace both nod)
Jaime Lannister: Sorry to interrupt. We're here for Queen Margaery and Ser Loras Tyrell. Give them to us, and we'll be on our way.
High Sparrow: I don't have the authority to give them to you. And, you don't have the authority to take them.

Dialog #390
Jaime Lannister: I speak for King Tommen of House Baratheon, first of his name.
High Sparrow: The Gods don't recognize his authority in this matter.
Jaime Lannister: You've already insulted one Great House. It won't happen twice. Every last Sparrow will die before Margaery Tyrell walks down that street.
High Sparrow: To die in the service of the Gods would please each and every one of us. We yearn for it. (some of the Faith Militant, including Lancel, look uneasy at this statement, and both Jaime and the High Sparrow notice]... But, there is no call for it today. There will be no Walk of Atonement. (the crowd mutters among themselves, surprised. Olenna nods to Mace, who gestures for his soldiers to stand down) Queen Margaery has already atoned for her sins, by bringing another into the true light of the Seven.

Dialog #391
High Sparrow: Together we announce a new age of harmony. A Holy alliance, between the Crown and the Faith. (the crowd begin to cheer)
Tommen Baratheon: The Crown and the Faith are the twin pillars on which the world rests. Together, we will restore the Seven Kingdoms to glory.

Dialog #392
Mace Tyrell:(turns to Olenna, confused) What's happening?
Olenna Tyrell: (irritably) He's beaten us! That's what happening.

Dialog #393
Lady Crane: Girl... what are you doing back here?
Arya Stark: (unconvincingly) Nothing.
Lady Crane: I saw you the other day, in the audience. How many times have you seen this stupid play?
Arya Stark: Three times?
Lady Crane: Did you pay?
Arya Stark: (opens her mouth, then smiles and shakes her head) No. (she steps out of the way as several other actors pass her)
Lady Crane: I remember when the players came to my village. I didn't have any money, so I snuck in- just like you. (smiles) Saw the painted faces, the costumes, listened to the songs. Cried when the young lovers died in each other's arms. I ran off and joined them the next day- never looked back.
Arya Stark: (smiles) You're very good.
Lady Crane: (scoffs, puts her arm around Arya's shoulder and leads her away) My final speech is shit. But, to be fair to myself- which I always try to be- the writing's no good.
Arya Stark: So, change it. (looks up at her) It'd all just be farting and belching and slapping without you.
Lady Crane: (looks at her thoughtfully) How would you change it?

Dialog #394
Arya Stark:... The Queen loves her son. More than anything. And he was taken from her before she could say goodbye. She wouldn't just... cry. (pause) She would be angry. She would want to kill the person who did this to him.
Lady Crane: (stares at her)... What's your name?
Arya Stark:... Mercy.
Lady Crane:... You have very expressive eyes, Mercy. Wonderful eyebrows. Do you like pretending to be other people?
Arya Stark:...I have to go. My father's waiting for me.

Dialog #395
Walder Frey: [seething] You've lost it?!
Walder Rivers: Yes father.
Walder Frey: It's a castle, not a bloody sheep. Presumably you still know where it is?! You didn't lose Riverrun: you let the Blackfish take it from you!
Lothar Frey: He surprised us. He knows the castle better than anyone-
Walder Frey: You did lose the Blackfish after the Red Wedding: you had him right here in this hall and you let him leave. And when I told you to hunt him down and kill him, you couldn't find him! That's what it means to lose something! Now he's come back and taken Riverrun!
Walder Rivers: I don't think it's fair to blame us-
Walder Frey: [fuming] For three hundred years, we kissed Tully boots, swore oaths to them-and their stinking fish banners! Not again! Riverrun is ours! Take it back!
Lothar Frey: We don't have the men!
Walder Frey: We've got ten times as many men as the damned Blackfish!
Walder Rivers: The Mallisters have risen against us, and the Blackwoods!
Lothar Frey: The Brotherhood Without Banners is rallying the commoners against us, raiding our supply trains and camps!
Walder Rivers: Riverrun can withstand a siege for a year! [Furious, Walder Frey strikes his new child-bride]
Walder Frey: If I want excuses, I'll put her in charge! They're laughing at us! All across the Riverlands, right down to King's Landing, they're laughing at us! I hear it in my sleep! [Walder Frey rises from his seat and balefully glares at the rest of his brood seated in the hall] I'm not dead yet - unfortunately for you - and I'll not leave this world until they all choke on that laughter! Take that castle back!
Lothar Frey: He'll never yield, Father.
Walder Frey: Oh, he'll yield. [nods to the guards by the door, then points at Lothar] You'll show him the knife you used to kill Robb Stark's child in its whore mother's belly and you'll [indicates Walder Rivers] show him the knife you used to open his niece's throat. And you'll remind him who it was that got married at the Red Wedding in the first place! His nephew. [The guards bring in a chained up and dishevelled Edmure Tully, who glares at his captors] Cheer up, Lord Edmure. You're going home.

Dialog #396
Narrator: [Daenerys appears before her Dothraki army, mounted on the back of her largest dragon, Drogon]
Daenerys Targaryen: Every khal who ever lived chose three bloodriders, to fight beside him and guard his way. But I am not a khal. I will not choose three bloodriders. I choose you all! [the Dothraki cheer] I will ask more of you than any khal ever asked of his khalasar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea? [the Dothraki roar in affirmation] Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses? [the Dothraki roar in affirmation] Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains?! [the Dothraki roar in affirmation] Are you with me?! Now and always?!
Dothraki: [cheering in support] Khaleesi! Khaleesi! Khaleesi! [Daenerys smiles triumphantly at their support]

Dialog #397
Brynden "The Blackfish" Tully: Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: Blackfish.
Brynden Tully: I assume you're here to fulfill the vow you gave my niece. I don't see Sansa and Arya.
Jaime Lannister: I don't have them.
Brynden Tully: Pity. Do you wish to resume your captivity? [Jaime shakes his head] Then why're you here?
Jaime Lannister: You know why I'm here. This castle belongs to House Frey. You're trespassing. In the name of King Tommen, I order you to surrender or-
Brynden Tully: Or you'll kill Edmure? My nephew is marked for death no matter what. Hang him and be done with it.
Jaime Lannister: It won't stop with Edmure. You'll force me to storm the castle. Hundreds will die.
Brynden Tully: Hundreds of mine, thousands of yours...if you can breach the walls.
Jaime Lannister: We'll breach them and kill every last one of you, but if you surrender, I'll spare the lives of your men. On my honor.
Brynden Tully: Your honor? Bargaining with oathbreakers is like building on quicksand.
Jaime Lannister: The war is over, Ser. Why sacrifice living men to a lost cause?
Brynden Tully: As long as I am standing, the war is not over. This is my home. I was born in this castle and I'm ready to die in it. So you can either attack or try to starve us out. We have enough provisions for two years. Do you have two years, Kingslayer?
Jaime Lannister: You clearly have no intention of saving your men's lives! Why did you come treat with me?
Brynden Tully: Sieges are dull. And I wanted to see you in person, get the measure of you.
Jaime Lannister: Well, now you have.
Brynden Tully: Aye, now I have. I'm disappointed.

Dialog #398
Theon Greyjoy: You think Uncle Euron's hunting for us?
Yara Greyjoy: Of course he is. As long as we're alive, we're a threat.
Theon Greyjoy: He'll find us.
Yara Greyjoy: It's a great big world, and we have fast ships. Drink.
Theon Greyjoy: I don't want any.
Yara Greyjoy: I don't care what you want. Drink. [Theon takes a quick sip] Drink it all. [he drinks more] You're Ironborn, Theon. I know you've had some bad years --
Theon Greyjoy: [angrily] Bad years?!
Yara Greyjoy: I'm tired of watching you cower like a beat dog! Drink the goddamn ale! [Theon does so] Now listen to me. I need you - the real Theon Greyjoy, not this ratshit pretender. Can you find him for me? Drink. [Theon drinks] You escaped, you hear me? You got away and you're never going back. We'll get justice for you.
Theon Greyjoy: If I got justice, my burnt body would hang over the gates of Winterfell.
Yara Greyjoy: Fuck justice, then, we'll get revenge. Drink. [Theon drinks again] Listen to me. If you're so broken that there's no coming back, take a knife and cut your wrists. End it. But if you're staying, Theon, I need you. We're gonna sail to Meereen. We're gonna make a pact with this... Dragon Queen, and we're gonna take back the Iron Islands. [grasps the back of Theon's head] Are you with me? Are you really with me? [Theon looks up and meets her gaze, and nods. Relieved, Yara kisses his forehead, smiling] Now, since it's my last night ashore for a long while, I'm gonna go fuck the tits off this one.

Dialog #399
Jon Snow: Lady Mormont.
Lyanna Mormont: Welcome to Bear Island.
Sansa Stark: I remember when you were born, my lady. You were named for my aunt Lyanna. They said she was a great beauty. I'm sure you will be, too.
Lyanna Mormont: I doubt it. My mother wasn't a great beauty or any other kind of beauty. She was a great warrior, though. She died fighting for your brother, Robb.
Jon Snow: I served under your uncle at Castle Black, Lady Lyanna. He was also a great warrior and an honorable man. I was his steward and-
Lyanna Mormont: I think we've had enough small talk. Why're you here?
Jon Snow: Stannis Baratheon garrisoned at Castle Black before he marched on Winterfell and was killed. He showed me the letter you wrote to him when he petitioned for men. It said-
Lyanna Mormont: I remember what it said. "Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark."
Jon Snow: Robb is gone, but House Stark is not, and it needs your support now more than ever. I've come with my sister to ask for House Mormont's allegiance.
Narrator: [A maester whispers in Lyanna's ear]
Lyanna Mormont: As far as I understand you're a Snow, and Lady Sansa is a Bolton. Or is she a Lannister? I've heard conflicting reports.
Sansa Stark: I did what I had to do to survive, my lady, but I am a Stark. I will always be a Stark.
Lyanna Mormont: If you say so. In any case, you don't just want my allegiance. You want my fighting men.
Jon Snow: Ramsay Bolton cannot be allowed to keep Winterfell, my lady. It is our duty to stop him. Even more so because he holds our brother Rickon Stark as prisoner. What you have to understand, my lady, is that-
Lyanna Mormont: I understand that I'm responsible for Bear Island and all who live here. So why should I sacrifice one more Mormont life for someone else's war?
Davos Seaworth: If it please, my lady, I understand how you feel.
Lyanna Mormont: I don't know you. Ser...?
Davos Seaworth: Davos, my lady. Of House Seaworth.
Narrator: [Lyanna turns to her maester]
Davos Seaworth: You needn't ask your maester about my house. It's rather new.
Lyanna Mormont: Alright, Ser Davos of House Seaworth. How is it you understand how I feel?
Davos Seaworth: You never thought you'd find yourself in your position, being responsible for so many lives at such a young age. I never thought I'd be in my position. I was a crabber's son, then I was a smuggler, and now I find myself addressing the lady of a great house in time of war. But I'm here because this isn't someone else's war. It's our war.
Lyanna Mormont: Go on, Ser Davos.
Davos Seaworth: Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward. He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew he had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life. Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isn't between a few squabbling houses. It's between the living and the dead, and make no mistake, my lady: the dead are coming.
Lyanna Mormont: [to Jon] Is this true?
Jon Snow: [nods] Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men, I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost.
Davos Seaworth: As long as the Boltons hold Winterfell, the North is divided, and a divided North won't stand a chance against the Night King. You want to protect your people, my lady, I understand. But there's no hiding from this. We have to fight and we need to do it together.
Narrator: [The maester leans in to whisper, but Lyanna waves him off]
Lyanna Mormont: House Mormont has kept faith with House Stark for a thousand years. We will not break faith today.
Jon Snow: Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect?
Narrator: [An advisor whispers in Lyanna's ear]
Lyanna Mormont: 62.
Jon Snow: ...62?
Lyanna Mormont: We are not a large house, but we're a proud one, and every man from Bear Island fights with the strength of ten mainlanders.
Davos Seaworth: If they're half as ferocious as their Lady, the Boltons are doomed.

Dialog #400
Cersei Lannister: I heard you were leaving King's Landing.
Olenna Tyrell: That is hardly your concern.
Cersei Lannister: Your grandson is still a prisoner - you'll leave him rotting in a cell.
Olenna Tyrell: [coldly] Loras rots in a cell because of you. The High Sparrow rules this city because of you. Our two ancient houses face collapse because of you and your stupidity.
Cersei Lannister: You're right. [Olenna, looking back down at her papers, immediately stares back up at her] I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day.
Olenna Tyrell: Good.
Cersei Lannister: I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep...and now we must fight them together. [Looks at Olenna directly, expectantly] We need each other.
Olenna Tyrell: [smiles, lightly yet mockingly] I wonder if you're the worst person I ever met? At a certain age it's hard to recall, but the truly vile do stand out through the years...do you remember the way you smirked at me as my grandson and granddaughter were dragged off to their cells? [Cersei deflates, looking away] I do. I'll never forget it.
Cersei Lannister: You love your granddaughter. I love my son. It's the only truth I know. We must defend them.
Olenna Tyrell: I'm leaving this wretched city as fast as I can before that shoeless zealot throws me into one of his cells. If you're half as bright as you think you are, you'll find a way out of here too.
Cersei Lannister: Never. I'll never leave my son.
Olenna Tyrell: What will you do, then? You have no support, not any more. Your brother's gone, the High Sparrow saw to that. The rest of your family have abandoned you, the people despise you. You're surrounded by enemies, thousands of them - you're going to kill them all by yourself? You've lost, Cersei - it's the only joy I can find in all this misery.

Dialog #401
Narrator: [In the Riverlands, Sandor "The Hound" Clegane is seen alive and well, chopping wood for a group of villagers; Brother Ray watches him]
Ray: In all my days, I've never seen a man swing an axe like that. How many men did it take to cut you down?
Sandor Clegane: Just one.
Ray: Woo! He must have been some kind of a monster.
Sandor Clegane: He was a woman.
Narrator: [Ray laughs as he walks away; the Hound furiously hacks into the wood. Later, back in the village, the bell rings calling the people for supper; the Hound sits alone, eating stew, as Ray walks up to him and hands him a cup]
Ray: I think some of the men are afraid of you.
Sandor Clegane: I'm used to it. [sips his drink]
Ray: When I found you, I thought you'd been dead for days. Well, you were stinkin' already, and you had bugs all over ya, and bone was comin' through, right there. [pokes the Hound's leg, right above his knee] Was gonna give you a proper burial, and then you coughed. Ha! Nearly shit meself. I reckoned you were gonna die by the time I loaded you on the wagon, but you didn't, and I reckoned you'd die a dozen more times over the next few days, but you didn't. What kept you goin'?
Sandor Clegane: [silent for a moment, thinking] Hate.
Ray: [shaking his head] No. There's a reason you're still here.
Sandor Clegane: Aye, there's a reason. I'm a big fucker and I'm tough to kill.
Ray: No, a reason. Gods aren't done with you yet.
Sandor Clegane: I've heard that before. Man was talkin' about a different god, though.
Ray: Well, maybe he was right. I don't know much about the gods.
Sandor Clegane: You're in the wrong line of work.
Ray: Oh, there's plenty of pious sons of bitches who think they know the word of god, or gods. I don't. I don't even know their real names. Maybe it is the Seven, or maybe it's the Old Gods, or maybe it's the Lord of Light, or maybe they're all the same fuckin' thing. I don't know. What matters, I believe, is that there's something greater than us, and whatever it is, it's got plans for Sandor Clegane.
Sandor Clegane: You didn't know me back in my time. You don't know the things I've done.
Ray: I've heard stories.
Sandor Clegane: If the gods are real... why haven't they punished me?
Ray: They have.

Dialog #402
Red Priestess: (in Valyrian, to former slaves) From fire, she was reborn to re-make the world. Daenerys is a gift from the Lord of Light to her children! if we are steadfast in our love for the Queen and her faithful advisers, no man will ever lock us in chains again!

Dialog #403
Tyrion Lannister: (follows him) I'd call that a successful gambit.
Varys: Would you?
Tyrion Lannister: Look around! This city has come back to life.
Varys: You made a pact with fanatics-
Tyrion Lannister: I did. And, it worked.
Varys: If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, you'd say the razor worked. That doesn't mean it won't cut your throat.
Tyrion Lannister: Spoken like a man who has never had to shave. (they reach the harbor) I'm going to miss you.
Varys: (smiles) I know.
Tyrion Lannister: I hope you're right about this expedition of yours.
Varys: (glances at him) If I don't return, you'll know I was wrong. (pause) We need friends in Westeros- and we need ships.
Tyrion Lannister: (worried) Most of all, we need our Queen.
Varys: (reassuringly) She'll come back- she has to. (smiles) My heart's been broken too many times already. (claps him on the shoulder, jokingly) I'll walk the rest of the way myself. I can't go off on a secret mission in the company of the most famous dwarf in the city. (Tyrion smiles, Varys walks towards a docked ship)
Tyrion Lannister: Varys! (Varys turns back) The most famous dwarf in the world. (Varys smiles, nods and walks on)

Dialog #404
Arya Stark: You told her to kill me? (Jaqen turns to find Arya pointing Needle at him)
Jaqen H'ghar: Yes. But here you are... and there she is. (steps towards her so that Needle pokes him in the chest)... Finally, a girl is no one.
Arya Stark: (firmly) A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell... And I am going home.

Dialog #405
Narrator: [Sandor "The Hound" Clegane, in pursuit of the Brotherhood men who slaughtered the village, enters a forest clearing. He stumbles upon three men, set to be hanged, a massed group of ragtag soldiers, and Thoros of Myr observing the proceedings. A man standing in front of the three convicts turns round, revealing himself as Beric Dondarrion. The soldiers ready their weapons as Thoros steps forward.]
Thoros of Myr: Clegane. The fuck you doing here?
The Hound: [Pointing at the three men] Chasing them. You?
Thoros of Myr: Hanging them.
The Hound: Any particular reason?
Beric Dondarrion: They're our men - or they were. They attacked a nearby sept and murdered the villagers. Why do you want them?
The Hound: Same reason. I was helping build it. They killed a friend of mine.
Thoros of Myr: (smirks) You've got friends?
The Hound: Not anymore. They're mine.
Narrator: [The Hound advances towards the convicted men, and the Brotherhood block his way.]
Beric Dondarrion: It's the Brotherhood's good name they've dragged through the dirt.
The Hound: Fuck your name, they're mine. Killed you once before, Dondarrion, happy to do it again.
Narrator: [On the sidelines, an archer raises his bow, arrow nocked at Clegane. The Hound stares ahead at Beric, indifferent.]
The Hound: Drop that arrow, you bloody girl.
Narrator: [The archer doesn't respond, and The Hound points his ax in his direction.]
The Hound: Tougher girls than you tried to kill me.
Narrator: [The archer keeps his bow ready, and The Hound stalks over to him threateningly.]
Beric Dondarrion: You can have one of them.
Narrator: [The Hound turns, glances at the men, and then at Beric.]
The Hound: Two.
Narrator: [Beric looks to Thoros, who nods his approval. He does the same, and the Hound paces over to the first man. He raises his ax to strike, but Thoros restrains him.]
Thoros of Myr: No, no, no, no, no. We're not butchers. We hang them.
The Hound: Hanging? All over in an instant, where's the punishment in that?
Thoros of Myr: They die.
The Hound: [Tilting his head towards Beric] We all bloody die, except this one here. Well, let me gut one of them.
Beric Dondarrion: No.
The Hound: [stares, incredulous] Chop off one hand.
Beric Dondarrion: We gave you two of the three out of respect for your loss. That's generous.
The Hound: [glares at Beric, then tosses his ax to the ground, scoffing] Bunch of nancies. There was a time I would have killed all seven of you just to gut these three.
Thoros of Myr: You're getting old, Clegane.
The Hound: (nods to one of the prisoners) He's not.
Narrator: [The Hound swiftly and emotionlessly kicks out the wooden stump from under the feet of the first man, and the fall breaks his neck instantly. He places his foot on the second stump, and Lem, the leader of the raiders, looks at him pleadingly.]
Lem: Please, don't - I'll give you anything-
Narrator: [The Hound does the same, kicking the stump out mid-sentence and watching as Lem chokes to death and the Brotherhood dispose of the third man. As Lem writhes, the Hound casually removes one of his boots and takes it for himself as Beric and Thoros watch. He looks up at them, unperturbed.]
The Hound: Got anything to eat?

Dialog #406
Qyburn: [entering Cersei's chambers] Your Grace, several members of the Faith Militant have been permitted entry into the Red Keep.
Cersei Lannister: "Have been permitted". That's rather a tortured way of putting it.
Qyburn: They demand to see you, Your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Who permitted them into the Red Keep? [Qyburn remains silent] The King is aware of their presence?
Qyburn: He is, Your Grace. He is currently in his chambers at prayer. [Cersei leaves her chambers with Qyburn and the Mountain in tow. In the corridor, she is confronted by Brother Lancel and the Faith Militant]
Brother Lancel: Your Grace, His Holiness the High Septon wishes to speak with you at the Great Sept of Baelor.
Cersei Lannister: His Holiness the High Septon is welcome to see me here in the Red Keep.
Brother Lancel: Your Grace, this is not a request.
Cersei Lannister: It is a request, cousin Lancel. You are asking me for something, I am refusing.
Brother Lancel: [smiles smugly] The High Septon commands you. Are you sure you want to refuse him?
Cersei Lannister: [becoming angry] He promised me I could stay in the Red Keep until my trial-
Brother Lancel: He made no such promises. If you refuse to come of your own free will-
Cersei Lannister: [with cold fury] Get. Out. [Cersei turns to leave; Lancel motions for two of his men to seize her when the Mountain moves forward to block their path]
Brother Lancel: Move aside, ser. [The Mountain remains where he is, growling ominously. Lancel, now visibly unnerved, turns to Cersei]. Order your man to step aside or there will be violence.
Cersei Lannister: I choose violence. [One of the Faith Militant hits the Mountain with his axe, only for the weapon to become stuck in the Mountain's breastplate to no effect. Before the man can hit him again, the Mountain seizes him by the throat and throws him across the room; before he can recover, the Mountain seizes his chin and decapitates the man with his bare hands. Lancel and the Faith Militant look horrified, while Cersei and Qyburn seem satisfied with the results. The Mountain takes his place by Cersei's side, who smiles cruelly at the Faith Militant] Please tell His High Holiness he's always welcome to visit.

Dialog #407
Narrator: [After Tommen, at the High Septon's bidding, has eliminated the practice of trial by combat, leaving Cersei helpless for her upcoming trial, Qyburn whispers in her ear]
Qyburn: Your Grace, that old rumour you told me about...my little birds investigated.
Cersei Lannister: And? Is it just a rumour, or something more?
Qyburn: [smiling] More. Much more.

Dialog #408
Jaime Lannister: Lord Edmure. I apologise for the way the Freys treated you. A man of your birth deserves better. You have my word you've properly fed and clothed from now on...
Edmure Tullly: My uncle will never surrender the castle, sir. Whatever game you're playing...
Jaime Lannister: The Blackfish is an old man. A good death is all he can hope for. You...you have a child now, I've heard. A son, sired on your wedding night. You're a potent man.
Edmure Tully: A son I've never met, born of a wife I haven't seen since our first night together.
Jaime Lannister: You should be with them both. I can arrange that, you realise; comfortable rooms for you at Casterly Rock, a tutor for your boy, with knights to train him to fight and to ride, and when he comes of age, he'll have a keep of his own-
Edmure Tully: Can you imagine yourself a decent person? Is that it? After you've massacred my family, kept me in a cell for years, stolen our lands-!
Jaime Lannister: I remind you our Houses are at war. I'm sorry if this conflict has inconvenienced you but rebelling against the Crown does have consequences.
Edmure Tully: [sneering] Says the man who shoved his sword through his king's back!
Jaime Lannister: Did I give you the impression this was a negotiation? It's not.
Edmure Tully: You understand, on some level you understand you're an evil man.
Jaime Lannister: I'll leave the judgements to the gods.
Edmure Tully: Oh that is convenient for you. You're a fine looking fellow, aren't you? Your square jaw, your golden armour...tell me- I want to know, I truly do- how do you live with youself? All of us have to believe that we're decent, don't we? To let us sleep at night. How do you tell yourself that you're decent, after everything that you've done? [Jaime contemplates the question for a time]
Jaime Lannister: I was your sister's prisoner once. She hit me on the head with a rock, if I remember correctly.
Edmure Tully: [chuckles] She should have killed you.
Jaime Lannister: [nods] Perhaps, but she didn't. Catelyn Stark hated me like you hate me, but I didn't hate her. I admired her, far more than I did her husband or her son-
Edmure Tully: Do you think I care who you admire and who you don't?!
Jaime Lannister: Maybe not, but I'm telling you anyway because you're my prisoner, you don't have a choice. The love she had for her children, I was a little awed by it- reminded me of my sister.
Edmure Tullly: Oh, now I see. You're a madman.
Jaime Lannister: I'm not here to trade insults. Your sister was-
Edmure Tully: [angrily] Don't talk about Cat!
Jaime Lannister: I'll talk about whomever I want. She loved her children- I suppose all mothers do. Catelyn and Cersei, it's a fierceness you don't often see. They'd do anything to protect their babies; start a war, burn cities to ash, free their worst enemies. The things we do for love.
Edmure Tully: You didn't come here to talk about our sisters.
Jaime Lannister: That's exactly why I came here. I love Cersei. You can laugh at that if you want, you can sneer, it doesn't matter. She needs me, and to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun. I'll send for your baby boy...and I'll launch him into Riverrun with a catapult because you don't matter to me, Lord Edmure. Your son doesn't matter to me. The people in the castle don't matter to me...only Cersei. And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to here, that's what I'll do.

Dialog #409
Narrator: [Dany and her council meet on the edge of Meereen with the Masters, as the Masters' fleet bombards the city]
Razdahl mo Eraz: [to Dany] Once before, I offered you peace. If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships. Instead, you will flee Slaver's Bay on foot- like the Beggar Queen you are.
Tyrion Lannister: We are here to discuss terms of surrender- not to trade insults.
Yezzan zo Qaggaz: The terms are simple. You, and your foreign friends will abandon the Great Pyramid, and the City of Meereen. The Unsullied you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain, to be sold again to the highest bidder. The translator you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain, to be sold again to the highest bidder. (Grey Worm and Missandei glare at him) The dragons beneath the Great Pyramid will be slaughtered.
Daenerys Targaryen: [contemptuously] We obviously didn't communicate clearly. We are here to discuss your surrender, not mine.
Narrator: [the Masters smirk]
Razdahl mo Eraz: I imagine it's difficult. Adjusting to the new reality. [sharply] Your reign is over!
Narrator: [Tyrion notices Drogon flying up behind them]
Daenerys Targaryen: My reign is just begun.
Narrator: [Suddenly, Drogon flies over them, roaring; he circles a small pyramid, perches on it, then jumps down so that he is level with Dany. She climbs onto his back and they take off, scattering the Masters' slave-guards. As Drogon flies over Meereen and Slaver's Bay, Rhaegal and Viseryon break out of the catacombs; seeing their brother, they take flight and follow him and Dany out over the attacking fleet]
Daenerys Targaryen: Dracarys.
Narrator: [The three dragons begin incinerating the largest galleys with dragonfire. Meanwhile, at the gates of Meereen the Sons of the Harpy are attacked by Dany's huge khalasar and the Second Sons, led by Daario]
Grey Worm: [addressing the Master's slave-guards, in Valyrian] You men have a choice: fight and die for the Masters, who would never fight and die for you, or go home to your families.
Narrator: [after a brief pause, the guards drop their weapons and run away, leaving the shocked Masters surrounded by the Unsullied]
Tyrion Lannister: [smugly] Thank you for the armada! Our Queen does love ships. Now... Last time we spoke, we made a pact. [shakes his head] You violated that pact. You declared war upon us. And, though our Queen does have a forgiving nature, this... cannot be forgiven. [steps towards them]
Missandei: Our Queen insists that one of you must die, as punishment for your crimes. [the three Masters look at each other, stunned]
Tyrion Lannister: It always seems a bit abstract, doesn't it? Other people dying.
Narrator: [After a pause, Razdahl pushes Yezzan forward]
Razdahl mo Eraz: Him. He should die.
Third Master: Yes- him!
Razdahl mo Eraz: He's not one of us-he's an outsider, low-born! He does not speak for us.
Narrator: [Grey Worm steps forward until he is directly in front of the horrified Yezzan]
Yezzan zo Qaggaz: Please- [falls to his knees]...Please...
Narrator: [Grey Worm suddenly draws his dagger and, in one swift slash, cuts the throats of the other two Masters, leaving Yezzan alive. Tyrion comes forward and puts his hand on Yezzan's shoulder]
Tyrion Lannister: [quietly] Tell your people what happened here. Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty. When they come forward with notions of retribution, or ideas about returning the slave-cities to their former glory...remind them what happened, when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen. [pats him mockingly on the shoulder and walks away]

Dialog #410
Narrator: [Jon Snow arranges for a parley with Ramsay Bolton outside Winterfell]
Jon Snow:[to Sansa, as the Bolton men approach] You don't have to be here.
Sansa Stark: [grimly] Yes I do.
Narrator: [Ramsay draws level with them; he glares at Jon, then smiles savagely at Sansa]
Ramsay Bolton: My beloved wife. I have missed you terribly. [to Jon] Thank you, for returning Lady Bolton safely. Now, dismount and kneel before me. Surrender your army, and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. I will pardon you for deserting the Night's Watch, I will pardon these treasonous Lords for betraying my House. [Jon does nothing; he and Lyanna Mormont look at Ramsay in disgust] Come, bastard. You don't have the men, you don't have the horses. And you don't have Winterfell! Why lead those poor souls into slaughter? There's no need for a battle. [impatiently] Get off your horse... and kneel. [smirks] I am a man of mercy.
Jon Snow:... You're right. There's no need for a battle. Thousands of men don't need to die. Only one of us. [Ramsay's smug grin fades] Let's end this the old way. You, against me.
Narrator: [After a pause, Ramsay starts to laugh]
Ramsay Bolton:... I keep hearing stories about you, bastard. The way people in the North talk about you, you're the greatest swordsman who ever walked! [raises his eyebrows mockingly, then shrugs] Maybe you are that good- maybe not. I don't know if I'd beat you- but I know that my army will beat yours. I have six thousand men, you have... what? Half that? Not even?
Jon Snow: [smiles] Aye, you have the numbers. Will your men want to fight for you, when they hear you wouldn't fight for them?
Narrator: [Ramsay grits his teeth, but smiles and wags his finger at Jon]
Ramsay Bolton:... He's good. Very good. Tell me, will you let your little brother die because you're too proud to surrender?
Sansa Stark: How do we know you have him?
Narrator: [Ramsay glares at her, then nods to Lord "Smalljon" Umber, who throws the head of Rickon's direwolf at Jon's feet. Sansa looks from it to Ramsay with an icy expression]
Ramsay Bolton: Now, if you want to say-
Sansa Stark: You're going to die tomorrow, Lord Bolton. [Ramsay is temporarily speechless] Sleep well. [she rides away]
Ramsay Bolton: [smiles]...She's a fine woman, your sister. I look forward to having her back in my bed. [addressing Jon's men] And you're all fine-looking men. [laughs] My dogs are desperate to meet you- I haven't fed them for seven days, they're ravenous! I wonder which parts they'll try first? Your eyes? Your balls! [to Jon] We'll find out soon enough. In the morning, then... bastard.

Dialog #411
Tyrion Lannister: [addressing Theon]...Last time we saw each other was at Winterfell, yes? [Theon nods] You were making jokes about my height, I seem to recall. [to Dany] Everyone who makes a joke about a dwarf's height thinks he's the only person ever to make a joke about a dwarf's height. 'The height of nobility, a man of your stature, someone to look up to!' You're all making the same five or six jokes.
Theon Greyjoy: It was a long time ago-
Tyrion Lannister: It was! And how have things been going for you since then? [Theon looks away] Not so well, I gather. Can't imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys, if things had been going well.
Theon Greyjoy: I didn't murder the Stark boys. But I did things that were just as bad- and worse.
Yara Greyjoy: And he paid for them.
Tyrion Lannister: Doesn't seem like it. He's still alive. It was complicated, I'm sure, growing up at Winterfell- not knowing quite who you were. But, then, we all live complicated lives, don't we?
Daenerys Targaryen: You've brought us a hundred ships from the Iron Fleet- with men to sail them? In return, I expect you want me to support your claim to the Throne of the Iron Islands?
Theon Greyjoy: Not my claim. [nods at Yara] Hers. [Dany looks surprised]
Daenerys Targaryen:... And, what's wrong with you?
Theon Greyjoy: I'm not fit to rule.
Tyrion Lannister: We can agree upon that, at least.
Daenerys Targaryen: Has the Iron Islands ever had a Queen, before?
Yara Greyjoy: [defiantly] No more than Westeros. [Dany smiles approvingly]
Theon Greyjoy: Our uncle, Euron, returned home after a long absence. He murdered our father and took the Salt Throne from Yara. He would have murdered us, if we'd stayed.
Daenerys Targaryen: Lord Tyrion tells me your father was a terrible King.
Yara Greyjoy: You and I have that in common.
Daenerys Targaryen: [nods]... We do. And both murdered by a Usurper, as well. [to Tyrion] Will their ships be enough?
Tyrion Lannister: With the former Masters' fleet... Possibly. Barely. [pause, stares at the Greyjoys] There are more than a hundred ships in the Iron Fleet.
Theon Greyjoy: There are- and Euron is building more. [to Dany] He's going to offer them to you.
Daenerys Targaryen: So why shouldn't I wait for him?
Theon Greyjoy: The Iron Fleet isn't all he's bringing. He also wants to give you-
Yara Greyjoy: [contemptuously] "His big cock." I think, he said. [Dany smirks and glances at Tyrion] Euron's offer is also one of marriage, you see- you wouldn't get one without the other.
Daenerys Targaryen: And, I imagine your offer is free of any marriage demands?
Yara Greyjoy: [smiling wryly] I never demand- but, I'm up for anything, really.
Narrator: [Daenerys smiles back at her, coyly]
Theon Greyjoy: He murdered our father, and would have murdered us. He'll murder you, as soon as you have what he wants.
Tyrion Lannister: [nods] The Seven Kingdoms.
Theon Greyjoy: All of them.
Daenerys Targaryen: [skeptically] And you don't want the Seven Kingdoms?
Theon Greyjoy: Your ancestors defeated ours- took the Iron Islands. We ask you, to give them back.
Daenerys Targaryen: And that's all?
Yara Greyjoy: We'd like you to help us murder an uncle or two- who don't think a woman's fit to rule.
Daenerys Targaryen: [smiles] Reasonable. [Yara smiles back]
Tyrion Lannister: [frowns]... What if everyone starts demanding their independence?
Daenerys Targaryen: She's not demanding- she's asking. The others are free to ask, as well. [addresses him and the Greyjoys] Our fathers were evil men- all of us, here. They left the world worse than they found it. We're not going to do that. We're going to leave the world better than we found it. [stands up and steps down her dais towards Yara] You will support my claim to the Seven Kingdoms- and respect the integrity of the Seven Kingdoms. No more reaving, roving, raiding [Yara's face hardens, but she holds her tongue] or raping.
Yara Greyjoy: That's our way of life-
Daenerys Targaryen: [stops in front of her, firmly] No more.
Yara Greyjoy: [glances at Theon, then reluctatly nods]... No more.

Dialog #412
Ramsay Bolton: Their army is gone.
Bolton Officer: Our army is gone.
Ramsay Bolton: We have Winterfell. They don't have men for a siege. All we have to do is wait.

Dialog #413
Narrator: [After being beaten senseless by Jon, Ramsay awakens in the dog kennels of Winterfell, bound to a chair. He sees Sansa watching him through the bars of the gates]
Ramsay Bolton: Ah. Sansa. Hello, Sansa. [pause] Is this where I'll be staying now? [Sansa stares silently at him, and he shakes his head, smirking] No. Our time together is about to come to an end. That's all right. You can't kill me. I'm part of you now.
Sansa Stark: Your words will disappear. [pause] Your house will disappear. Your name will disappear. All memory of you will disappear.
Narrator: [Ramsay hears snuffling sounds to his right and turns his head, noticing that Sansa has opened the doors of his hounds' kennels. As he turns, one of them emerges from its cage, growling quietly, and approaches him]
Ramsay Bolton: My hounds will never harm me.
Sansa Stark: You haven't fed them in seven days. You said it yourself.
Ramsay Bolton: They're loyal beasts.
Sansa Stark: They were. Now, they're starving.
Narrator: [Ramsay glares at her, then notices that two more of the hounds have emerged from their cages and are closing in; the third comes directly in front of him and begins sniffing intensely at his bloodstained face]
Ramsay Bolton: [sharply] Sit. [the hound begins licking his face hungrily] Down. Down! [the hound backs off for a moment, then starts to sniff at Ramsay's face again] Down! Down! Down!
Narrator: [Suddenly, the hound lunges forward and bites into Ramsay's face; Ramsay lets out a muffled scream of agony as the other two dogs begin tearing him apart as well. Sansa watches for a moment, then walks away, a cold smile of satisfaction on her face]

Dialog #414
Narrator: [Olenna, dressed in mourning for the deaths of Margaery, Loras and Mace, meets with Ellaria and the Sand Snakes in the Water Gardens in Dorne]
Olenna Tyrell: The last time a Tyrell came to Dorne, he was assassinated. A hundred red scorpions, was it?
Ellaria Sand: (shrugs) You have nothing to fear from us, Lady Olenna.
Olenna Tyrell: (dryly) You murder your own Prince- but you expect me to trust you?
Obara Sand: We invited you to Dorne because we needed your help. You came to Dorne because you needed our help.
Olenna Tyrell: (stares at her irritably)... What is your name, again? Barbero? (Nym smirks)
Obara Sand: Obara.
Olenna Tyrell: (nods) Obara. You look like an angry little boy- don't presume to tell me what I need.
Nymeria Sand: (smiles) Forgive my sister. What she lacks in diplomacy, she makes-
Olenna Tyrell: Do shut up, dear. (glances at Tyene) Anything from you? (Tyene opens her mouth, but Olenna cuts her off) No- good. Let the grown women speak. (turns back to Ellaria)
Ellaria Sand:... The Lannisters have declared war on House Tyrell. They have declared war on Dorne. We must be allies now, if we wish to survive.
Olenna Tyrell: (sadly)... Cersei stole the future from me. She killed my son- she killed my grandson. (vengefully) She killed my granddaughter! Survival is not what I'm after, now.
Ellaria Sand: (smiles) You're absolutely right. I chose the wrong words. It is not survival I offer- it is your heart's desire. [she rings a small bell, and a man in robes enters the Gardens and approaches them]
Olenna Tyrell: (dryly) And what is my "heart's desire?"
Ellaria Sand: (looks her in the eye) Vengeance. Justice.
Narrator: [the man draws level with them; Olenna looks up and, to her shock, realizes it is Varys]
Varys: Fire and Blood.

Dialog #415
Narrator: [Tyrion is sitting in the Throne Room of the Great Pyramid and drinking, when Dany emerges from her apartments, having told Daario he will be staying in Meereen]
Tyrion Lannister: How did he take it?
Daenerys Targaryen: (descending from the dais) No tears.
Tyrion Lannister: I know that was hard for you. You turned away a man who truly loves you, because you knew he'd have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms. (Dany approaches him) That's the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if it's any consolation.
Daenerys Targaryen: It's not.
Tyrion Lannister: No- I suppose not. I'm terrible at consoling.
Daenerys Targaryen: (sits next to him) Yes, you really are.
Tyrion Lannister:... All right. How about the fact, that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons... Everything you ever wanted, since you were old enough to want anything. It's all yours, for the taking. (pause) Are you afraid? (Dany glances at him and nods) Good. You're in the Great Game, now- and the Great Game is terrifying. The only people who aren't afraid of failure are madmen, like your father. (Dany gives him a pensive look)
Daenerys Targaryen:... Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me... a man I thought I cared for... and I felt nothing. (looks away) Just impatient to get on with it.
Tyrion Lannister: (shakes his head slowly) He wasn't the first to love you... and he won't be the last. (Dany stands up)
Daenerys Targaryen: Well... You have completely failed to console me. (Tyrion looks up at her)
Tyrion Lannister: For what it's worth, I've been a cynic for as long as I can remember. Everyone's always asking me to believe in things. Family, Gods, kings, myself. It was often tempting, until I saw where belief got people. (pause, sets down his cup) So, I said 'no, thank you' to belief... and yet, here I am. (stands, looks her in the eye) I believe in you. (pause, smiles) It's embarrassing, really. I'd swear you my sword, but... I don't actually own a sword.
Daenerys Targaryen: (smiles) It's your counsel that I need.
Tyrion Lannister: It's yours- now, and always.
Daenerys Targaryen: (nods)...Good. I, erm... I had something made for you. (she withdraws a badge in the shape of a hand from her robe) I'm- I'm not sure if it's right... (Tyrion stares at the badge as she pins it to the front of his vest) Tyrion Lannister... I name you Hand of the Queen.
Narrator: [Tyrion looks up at her, his eyes brimming with tears, then kneels before her to pledge his loyalty]

Dialog #416
Lyanna Stark: I want to be brave.
Ned Stark: Shh. You are.
Lyanna Stark: I’m not. I don’t want to die.
Ned Stark: You’re not going to die. [To Wylla/midwife] Get her some water!
Lyanna Stark: No, no water.
Ned Stark: Is there a maester?
Lyanna Stark: Listen to me, Ned. [Lyanna whispers in Ned’s ear] His name is <too soft to hear>. If Robert finds out, he’ll kill him, you know he will. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned. Promise me. [Midwife hands Ned the baby] Promise me, Ned. Promise me.

Dialog #417
Narrator: [Davos storms into the great hall of Winterfell and throws Shireen's burnt stag figurine to Melisandre, whose expression balks as she realises what he knows]
Jon Snow: What is that?
Davos Seaworth: [snarling in anger] Tell him! Tell him who it belonged to.
Melisandre: [after a long pause] The Princess Shireen.
Davos Seaworth: Tell him what you did to her! TELL HIM!
Melisandre: [sadly] We burnt her at the stake.
Narrator: [Jon looks horrified]
Davos Seaworth: [fighting back tears] Why?!
Melisandre: The army was trapped, the horses were dying! It was the only way.
Davos Seaworth: You burned a little girl alive!
Melisandre: [desperately] I only do what my lord commands me-!
Davos Seaworth: [disgusted] If he commands you to burn children, your lord is evil!
Narrator: [Melisandre looks stricken by that remark]
Melisandre: We are standing here because of him. Jon Snow is alive because the Lord willed it.
Davos Seaworth: I loved that girl! Like she was my own! She was good, she was kind and you killed her!
Melisandre: [sadly] So did her father. [Davos looks stunned] So did her mother. Her own blood knew it was the only way-!
Davos Seaworth: [voice breaking] The only way for what?! They all died anyway! You told everyone Stannis was the one, you had him believing it, all of them fooled, and you lied!
Melisandre: I didn't lie! [regretfully] I was wrong.
Davos Seaworth: [nods] Aye. You were wrong. How many died because you were wrong? [to Jon] I ask your leave to execute this woman for murder. She admits to the crime.
Narrator: [Melisandre looks pleadingly to Jon]
Jon Snow: Do you have anything to say for yourself?
Melisandre: [smiles mirthlessly] I've been ready to die for many years. If the Lord was done with me, so be it, but he's not. You've seen the Night King, Jon Snow. You know the great war is still to come. You know the army of the dead will be upon us soon. And you know I can help you win that war.
Jon Snow: [approaches Melisandre] Ride south today. If you return to the North, I'll have you hanged as a murderer.
Narrator: [Melisandre bows her head defeated and places the burnt stag figurine on the table. She turns to leave and has her way blocked by Davos]
Davos Seaworth: [angrily] If you ever come back this way, I'll execute you myself!
Narrator: [Melisandre leaves the room and is seen riding on a horse out of Winterfell]

Dialog #418
Narrator: [In the great hall of Winterfell, the Wildlings and the Northern and Vale Lords argue among each other as Jon, Sansa, Littlefinger and Davos watch]
Yohn Royce: You can't expect the Knights of the Vale to side with Wildling invaders!
Tormund Giantsbane: We didn't invade. We were invited.
Yohn Royce: Not by me. (sits down as Jon stands at the head table)
Jon Snow: The Free Folk, the Northerners and the Knights of the Vale fought together. We fought bravely and we won. My father used to say, "We find our true friends on the battlefield-"
Cley Cerwyn: (stands) The Boltons are defeated. The war is over! Winter has come. If the Maesters are right, it'll be the coldest one in a thousand years. We should ride home, and wait out the coming storms-
Jon Snow: The war is not over. And I promise you, friend, the true enemy won't wait out the storm. He brings the storm.
Narrator: [pause, Lord Cerwyn and Jon sit, the Northern lords begin bickering among themselves again]
Lyanna Mormont: (glances around, then stands and speaks accusingly to Lord Wyman Manderly) Your son was butchered at the Red Wedding, Lord Manderly, but you refused the call. (Manderly looks away, Lyanna turns to Lord Robett Glover) You swore allegiance to House Stark, Lord Glover but in their hour of greatest need, you refused the call. (turns to Lord Cerwyn) And you, Lord Cerwyn. Your father was skinned alive by Ramsay Bolton. Still, you refused the call. (pause) But House Mormont remembers. The North remembers! We know no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark. (Sansa smiles, Lyanna nods to Jon) I don't care if he's a bastard. Ned Stark's blood runs through his veins. He's my King, from this day until his last day! (sits. After a pause, Lord Manderly stands)
Wyman Manderly: Lady Mormont speaks harshly... and truly. (pause) My son died for Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. I didn't think we'd find another King, in my lifetime. (to Jon) I didn't commit my men to your cause... because, I didn't want more Manderlys dying for nothing. But, I was wrong. (points to Jon) Jon Snow avenged the Red Wedding! He is the White Wolf. (draws his sword and kneels to Jon) The King in the North!
Narrator: [the Northern lords begin nodding approvingly; Lord Glover stands, shamefaced]
Robett Glover: I did not fight beside you in the field. And will regret that until my dying day. A man... can only admit when he was wrong, and ask forgiveness.
Jon Snow: There's nothing to forgive, my Lord.
Robett Glover: ...There will be more fights to come. House Glover will stand behind House Stark, as we have for a thousand years! And I will stand behind Jon Snow. (draws his sword) The King in the North! (kneels as all the other Lords cheer, rise and draw their blades]
Northern/Vale Lords: THE KING IN THE NORTH! THE KING IN THE NORTH! (Davos and Tormund rise, draw their own blades, and join the chanting, as does Lyanna) THE KING IN THE NORTH! THE KING IN THE NORTH! THE KING IN THE NORTH!
Narrator: [as they continue chanting, Jon rises, staring at them in amazement, then looks at Sansa; she meets his gaze and smiles broadly. Glancing across the hall, she notices Littlefinger briefly meeting her eye as he silently watches the proceedings; the smile vanishes from her face]

Dialog #419
Narrator: [After the destruction of the Great Sept of Baelor, Septa Unella is bound on a table in a chamber below the Red Keep, as Cersei pours a glass of wine on her face]
Cersei Lannister: Confess. [Unella struggles] Confess. Confess.
Narrator: [Cersei pours the entire pitcher of wine on Unella's face, causing her to gasp and sputter]
Cersei Lannister: Confess... it felt good. Beating me. Starving me. Frightening me, humiliating me. You didn't do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink, because it feels good. I killed my husband, because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother, because it feels good to feel him inside. I lie about fucking my brother, because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow... and all his little sparrows... all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers... because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. [chuckles] Even confessing feels good, under the right circumstances.
Narrator: [Cersei puts her hand on Unella's face; Unella recoils]
Cersei Lannister: You've always been quiet. I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died, do you remember?
Septa Unella: Good. I'm glad to see your face. I'm ready to meet the Gods.
Cersei Lannister: [incredulous] What? Now? Today? [smirking] You're not going to die today. You're not going to die for quite a while. [pause] Ser Gregor.
Narrator: [Ser Gregor "the Mountain" Clegane enters, and Unella glances fearfully at him]
Cersei Lannister: This is Ser Gregor Clegane. He's quiet, too. [Ser Gregor removes his helmet] Your Gods have forsaken you. This is your god now.
Narrator: [Ser Gregor approaches, hints of his dead, decaying flesh showing in the dim light. Unella struggles against her bonds, gibbering in fear, as he sets his helmet down and approaches her...as Cersei leaves and closes the door behind her, Unella begins screaming]
Cersei Lannister: [smirking] Shame. Shame. Shame.

Dialog #420
Narrator: [At The Twins, Lord Walder Frey sits alone in the feasting hall, eating a meat pie. A Serving Girl comes forward with another helping. Lord Walder looks her over lasciviously.]
Walder Frey: You're not one of mine.
Serving Girl: No, My Lord.
Walder Frey: Didn't think so. Too pretty.
Narrator: [Lord Walder smacks her bottom. The Serving Girl winces.]
Walder Frey: Where are my damn moron sons? Black Walder and Lothar promised to be here by mid-day.
Serving Girl: They're here, My Lord.
Walder Frey: Well, what are they doing? Trimming their cunt hairs? Tell them to come here! Now!
Serving Girl: [longsufferingly, as if it were obvious] They're already here, My Lord.
Narrator: [Lord Walder looks around the empty hall, confused. The Serving Girl points to the slice of meat pie he's been eating.]
Serving Girl: Here, My Lord.
Narrator: [Lord Walder lifts up the crust of the pie. Among the filling of chopped meat is obviously a human finger. He gags in disgust.]
Serving Girl: They weren't easy to carve. Especially Black Walder.
Walder Frey: [bewildered and horrified] What...What...?
Narrator: [Lord Walder turns to the Serving Girl...who takes off her face as if it were a mask, revealing her true identity...]
Arya Stark: My name is Arya Stark. I want you to know that. The last thing you're ever going to see is a Stark, smiling down at you, as you die.
Narrator: [Arya draws a dagger. Lord Walder tries to get out of his chair, but Arya grabs him by the hair, pulls him back, and slits his throat. She holds him until he stops struggling, then turns his head so that he is looking right at her as he finally bleeds out. A look of utter satisfaction appears on her face.]
